Skip to main content

[
![Advertisement](//pubads.g.doubleclick.net/gampad/ad?iu=/285/sdata.nature.com/article&sz=728x90&c=1679358351&t=pos%3Dtop%26type%3Darticle%26artid%3Dsdata201785%26doi%3D10.1038/sdata.2017.85%26subjmeta%3D1034,1037,1038,119,301,639,995%26kwrd%3DComputational
methods,Electronic properties and materials,Electronic
structure)](//pubads.g.doubleclick.net/gampad/jump?iu=/285/sdata.nature.com/article&sz=728x90&c=1679358351&t=pos%3Dtop%26type%3Darticle%26artid%3Dsdata201785%26doi%3D10.1038/sdata.2017.85%26subjmeta%3D1034,1037,1038,119,301,639,995%26kwrd%3DComputational
methods,Electronic properties and materials,Electronic structure)

Thank you for visiting nature.com. You are using a browser version with
limited support for CSS. To obtain the best experience, we recommend you use a
more up to date browser (or turn off compatibility mode in Internet Explorer).
In the meantime, to ensure continued support, we are displaying the site
without styles and JavaScript.

  1. [nature](/)
  2. [scientific data](/sdata)
  3. [data descriptors](/sdata/articles?type=data-descriptor)
  4. [article](/articles/sdata201785)

A Nature Research Journal

Menu

# [![Scientific Data](//media.springernature.com/full/nature-
cms/uploads/product/sdata/header-d427517d1e85c2dd23b1784eb9b2d3c7.svg)![Scientific
Data](//media.springernature.com/full/nature-
cms/uploads/product/sdata/header-615124a9808f8536e43f05520ea077bb.svg)](/sdata)

Search [ E-alert ](https://www.nature.com/my-account/alerts/subscribe-
journal?list-id=329) [ Submit ](http://www.nature.com/sdata/publish) [ My
Account ](/nams/svc/myaccount) [ Login
](https://idp.nature.com/authorize/natureuser?client_id=grover&redirect_uri=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.nature.com%2Farticles%2Fsdata201785)

Data Descriptor  |  Open |  Published: 04 July 2017

# An _ab initio_ electronic transport database for inorganic materials

  * Francesco Ricci1
  * , Wei Chen2, 3
  * , Umut Aydemir4
  * , G. Jeffrey Snyder4
  * , Gian-Marco Rignanese [ORCID: orcid.org/0000-0002-1422-1205](http://orcid.org/0000-0002-1422-1205)1
  * , Anubhav Jain2
  *  & Geoffroy Hautier1

_Scientific Data_ **volume 4**, Article number: 170085 (2017) | [Download
Citation](/articles/sdata201785.ris)

### Subjects

  * [Computational methods](/subjects/computational-methods)
  * [Electronic properties and materials](/subjects/electronic-properties-and-materials)
  * [Electronic structure](/subjects/electronic-structure)

## Abstract

Electronic transport in materials is governed by a series of tensorial
properties such as conductivity, Seebeck coefficient, and effective mass.
These quantities are paramount to the understanding of materials in many
fields from thermoelectrics to electronics and photovoltaics. Transport
properties can be calculated from a material’s band structure using the
Boltzmann transport theory framework. We present here the largest
computational database of electronic transport properties based on a large set
of 48,000 materials originating from the Materials Project database. Our
results were obtained through the interpolation approach developed in the
BoltzTraP software, assuming a constant relaxation time. We present the
workflow to generate the data, the data validation procedure, and the database
structure. Our aim is to target the large community of scientists developing
materials selection strategies and performing studies involving transport
properties.

### Metadata summary

Design Type(s)|

  * database creation objective 

  
---|---  
Measurement Type(s)|

  * electronic transport properties 

  
Technology Type(s)|

  * computational modeling technique 

  
Factor Type(s)|

  * inorganic compound or molecule 

  
Sample Characteristic(s)|

  
  
[Download metadata file](https://media.nature.com/original/nature-
assets/sdata/2017/sdata201785/isa-tab/sdata201785-isa1.zip)

Machine-accessible metadata file describing the reported data (ISA-tab format)

## Background & Summary

Many devices such as solar cells, transistors, and thermoelectric generators
rely on materials with specific transport properties such as conductivity,
mobility, and Seebeck coefficient. An insight into the electronic transport
properties of materials is accessible, although with some limitations, by
exploiting the semi-classical approach provided by the Boltzmann
theory[1](/articles/sdata201785#ref1 "Ziman, J. Principles of the Theory of
Solids. 2nd edn \(Cambridge University Press,
1972\)."),[2](/articles/sdata201785#ref2 "Nag, B. R. Electron Transport in
Compound Semiconductors \(Springer Verlag, 1980\)."). The transport tensors
can indeed be linked to the fundamental electronic structure and atomistic
properties of any material using Boltzmann transport theory. From the
knowledge of the band structure (e.g., from ab initio computations within
density functional theory (DFT)) and of the relaxation times due to different
scattering processes, solving the Boltzmann transport equation provides indeed
an assessment of the electronic transport
tensors[3](/articles/sdata201785#ref3 "Scheidemantel, T. J., Ambrosch-Draxl,
C., Thonhauser, T., Badding, J. V. & Sofo, J. O. Transport coefficients from
first-principles calculations. Phys. Rev. B 68, 125210
\(2003\)."),[4](/articles/sdata201785#ref4 "Madsen, G. K. & Singh, D. J.
Boltztrap. a code for calculating band-structure dependent quantities.
Computer Physics Communications 175, 67–71 \(2006\).").

Materials properties can be computed on a unprecedented level using high-
throughput (HT) ab initio computing[5](/articles/sdata201785#ref5 "Curtarolo,
S. et al. The high-throughput highway to computational materials design. Nat
Mater 12, 191–201 \(2013\)."),​[6](/articles/sdata201785#ref6 "Greeley, J.,
Jaramillo, T. F., Bonde, J., Chorkendorff, I. & Norskov, J. K. Computational
high-throughput screening of electrocatalytic materials for hydrogen
evolution. Nat Mater 5, 909–913 \(2006\)."),​[7](/articles/sdata201785#ref7
"Bhattacharya, S., Chmielowski, R., Dennler, G. & Madsen, G. K. H. Novel
ternary sulfide thermoelectric materials from high throughput transport and
defect calculations. J. Mater. Chem. A 4, 11086–11093
\(2016\)."),​[8](/articles/sdata201785#ref8 "Hautier, G. et al. Novel mixed
polyanions lithium-ion battery cathode materials predicted by high-throughput
ab initio computations. J. Mater. Chem. 21, 17147–17153 \(2011\)."). This new
paradigm is transforming the way materials are discovered, offering the
possibility to select materials with certain properties before going to the
lengthy process of synthesis, characterization, and device
making[9](/articles/sdata201785#ref9 "Jain, A., Shin, Y. & Persson, K. A.
Computational predictions of energy materials using density functional theory.
Nature Reviews Materials 1, 15004 \(2016\)."),[10](/articles/sdata201785#ref10
"Hautier, G., Jain, A. & Ong, S. P. From the computer to the laboratory:
materials discovery and design using first-principles calculations. Journal of
Materials Science 47, 7317–7340 \(2012\)."). Large datasets are also useful to
perform data mining studies where trends and correlations between materials
properties are revealed[11](/articles/sdata201785#ref11 "Carrete, J., Li, W.,
Mingo, N., Wang, S. & Curtarolo, S. Finding unprecedentedly low-thermal-
conductivity half-heusler semiconductors via high-throughput materials
modeling. Phys. Rev. X 4, 011019 \(2014\)."),​[12](/articles/sdata201785#ref12
"Hautier, G. et al. Phosphates as lithium-ion battery cathodes: An evaluation
based on high-throughput ab initio calculations. Chemistry of Materials 23,
3495–3508 \(2011\)."),​[13](/articles/sdata201785#ref13 "Jain, A., Hautier,
G., Ong, S. P. & Persson, K. New opportunities for materials informatics:
Resources and data mining techniques for uncovering hidden relationships.
Journal of Materials Research 31, 977–994
\(2016\)."),​[14](/articles/sdata201785#ref14 "Jain, A., Hautier, G., Ong, S.
P., Dacek, S. & Ceder, G. Relating voltage and thermal safety in li-ion
battery cathodes: a high-throughput computational study. Phys. Chem. Chem.
Phys. 17, 5942–5953 \(2015\)."). Freely accessible high-throughput databases
are being built providing data to a large community of scientists to
facilitate the screening and data mining
process[15](/articles/sdata201785#ref15 "Jain, A., Persson, K. A. & Ceder, G.
Research update: The materials genome initiative: Data sharing and the impact
of collaborative ab initio databases. APL Mater 4, 053102 \(2016\).") (the
Materials Project[16](/articles/sdata201785#ref16 "The materials project.
https://materialsproject.org/."),[17](/articles/sdata201785#ref17 "Jain, A. et
al. Commentary: The materials project: A materials genome approach to
accelerating materials innovation. APL Mater 1, 011002 \(2013\)."), Open
Quantum database[18](/articles/sdata201785#ref18 "Saal, J. E., Kirklin, S.,
Aykol, M., Meredig, B. & Wolverton, C. Materials design and discovery with
high-throughput density functional theory: The open quantum materials database
\(oqmd\). JOM 65, 1501–1509 \(2013\)."), AFLOW[19](/articles/sdata201785#ref19
"Setyawan, W. & Curtarolo, S. High-throughput electronic band structure
calculations: Challenges and tools. Computational Materials Science 49,
299–312 \(2010\)."), NOMAD repository[20](/articles/sdata201785#ref20 "Nomad
repository. http://nomad-repository.eu."), the Harvard Clean Energy
Project[21](/articles/sdata201785#ref21 "Hachmann, J. et al. The harvard clean
energy project: Large-scale computational screening and design of organic
photovoltaics on the world community grid. The Journal of Physical Chemistry
Letters 2, 2241–2251 \(2011\).")).

The BoltzTraP code[4](/articles/sdata201785#ref4 "Madsen, G. K. & Singh, D. J.
Boltztrap. a code for calculating band-structure dependent quantities.
Computer Physics Communications 175, 67–71 \(2006\).") solves Boltzmann
equation by interpolating a band structure computed within DFT and performing
all the required integrations. Since its development, BoltzTraP has been used
in several high-throughput studies in various fields from thermoelectrics to
transparent conducting oxides[22](/articles/sdata201785#ref22 "Madsen, G. K.
H. Automated search for new thermoelectric materials: The case of liznsb.
Journal of the American Chemical Society 128, 12140–12146
\(2006\)."),​[23](/articles/sdata201785#ref23 "Chen, W. et al. Understanding
thermoelectric properties from high-throughput calculations: trends, insights,
and comparisons with experiment. J. Mater. Chem. C 4, 4414–4426
\(2016\)."),​[24](/articles/sdata201785#ref24 "Bhattacharya, S. & Madsen, G.
K. H. High-throughput exploration of alloying as design strategy for
thermoelectrics. Phys. Rev. B 92, 085205
\(2015\)."),​[25](/articles/sdata201785#ref25 "Zhang, J. et al. Designing
high-performance layered thermoelectric materials through orbital engineering.
Nature Communications 7, 10892 \(2016\)."),​[26](/articles/sdata201785#ref26
"Opahle, I., Parma, A., McEniry, E. J., Drautz, R. & Madsen, G. K. High-
throughput study of the structural stability and thermoelectric properties of
transition metal silicides. New Journal of Physics 15, 105010
\(2013\)."),​[27](/articles/sdata201785#ref27 "Hautier, G., Miglio, A., Ceder,
G., Rignanese, G.-M. & Gonze, X. Identification and design principles of low
hole effective mass p-type transparent conducting oxides. Nature
Communications 4, 2292 \(2013\).") and also to obtain new general descriptors
of the band structure[28](/articles/sdata201785#ref28 "Gibbs, Z. M. et al.
Effective mass and fermi surface complexity factor from ab initio band
structure calculations. npj Computational Materials 3, 8 \(2017\)."). In this
paper, we report on a large dataset of electronic transport properties
obtained by combining high-throughput generated ab initio band structures and
Boltzmann transport theory within the constant relaxation time approximation.
In total, we provide access to the computed electronic transport data for
about 48,000 compounds to this date. This is the largest public database of
electronic transport data obtained by BoltzTraP and DFT.

This dataset adds to the growing database of materials properties of the
Materials Project (MP)[16](/articles/sdata201785#ref16 "The materials project.
https://materialsproject.org/."),[17](/articles/sdata201785#ref17 "Jain, A. et
al. Commentary: The materials project: A materials genome approach to
accelerating materials innovation. APL Mater 1, 011002 \(2013\)."). It will be
accessible via its web interface similar to thermodynamics, battery,
elastic[29](/articles/sdata201785#ref29 "de Jong, M. et al. Charting the
complete elastic properties of inorganic crystalline compounds. Scientific
Data 2, 150009 \(2015\)."), and piezo-electric
data[30](/articles/sdata201785#ref30 "de Jong, M., Chen, W., Geerlings, H.,
Asta, M. & Persson, K. A. A database to enable discovery and design of
piezoelectric materials. Scientific Data 2, 150053 \(2015\)."). In the
remainder of the paper, we summarize the Boltzmann equation within the
relaxation time approximation, the properties calculated, and the workflow
followed. Finally, we present a graphical overview of the data and compare it
with published computational and experimental values to better understand the
precision and accuracy of our approach.

## Methods

### Methods definitions

In order to evaluate transport phenomena occurring at the electronic level, a
microscopic model of the transport process is needed to assess the transport
coefficients of materials. The basic transport equation of the current density
in presence of electrical **E** and magnetic **B** field, and a temperature
gradient **Δ** _T_ is  ji=σijEj+σijkEjBk+νij∇jT+…. In this work, we limit the
development to the first order in the magnetic field **B** and we focus only
on the conductivity tensors _σ_ _ij_ , _σ_ _ijk_ , and _ν_ _ij_.

A semi-classical approach based on solving Boltzmann’s equation, within the
relaxation time approximation, is commonly used to describe the conductivity
tensors. This model evaluates the electrical conductivity introducing a
lifetime, _τ_ , for an electron that encapsulates all the different scattering
mechanisms that it can undergo[1](/articles/sdata201785#ref1 "Ziman, J.
Principles of the Theory of Solids. 2nd edn \(Cambridge University Press,
1972\)."),​[2](/articles/sdata201785#ref2 "Nag, B. R. Electron Transport in
Compound Semiconductors \(Springer Verlag,
1980\)."),​[3](/articles/sdata201785#ref3 "Scheidemantel, T. J., Ambrosch-
Draxl, C., Thonhauser, T., Badding, J. V. & Sofo, J. O. Transport coefficients
from first-principles calculations. Phys. Rev. B 68, 125210 \(2003\).").
Following the notation used in ref. [4](/articles/sdata201785#ref4 "Madsen, G.
K. & Singh, D. J. Boltztrap. a code for calculating band-structure dependent
quantities. Computer Physics Communications 175, 67–71 \(2006\).") describing
the BoltzTraP code, the conductivity tensors can be written as:
(1)σαβ(i,k)=e2τi,kυα(i,k)υβ(i,k) and using the Levi-Civita
tensor[31](/articles/sdata201785#ref31 "Hurd, C.. The Hall Effect in Metals
and Alloys \(Springer US, 1972\).") _ε_ _ijk_ :
(2)σαβγ(i,k)=e3τi,k2εγuυυα(i,k)υυ(i,k)Mβu−1, in terms of the group velocity
and the inverse mass tensor: (3)υα(i,k)=1ℏ∂εi,k∂kα,Mβu−1(i,k)=1ℏ2∂2εi,k∂kβ∂ku.

Apart from the band structure ( _ε_ _i_ , **k** ), the relaxation time _τ_
_i,_ **k** term needs to be defined. It describes all the scattering processes
involved in the electronic transport and, in the most general description, it
depends on both energy band index _i_ and **k** vector direction. In the
section Limitations, we provide a more detailed description about common
models used to compute the relaxation time (one of which consist in
approximating it by a constant) and how we treat it in our HT approach.

Summing over all the bands and all the k-points in the full Brillouin zone, we
calculate a differential conductivity tensor depending on energy:
σαβ(ε)=1N∑i,kσαβ(i,k)δ(ε−εi,k), where _i_ is the number of bands and _N_ is
the number of k-points. The three main transport tensors depending on the
temperature _T_ and the Fermi level (or chemical potential) of the electrons
_μ_ are now accessible[4](/articles/sdata201785#ref4 "Madsen, G. K. & Singh,
D. J. Boltztrap. a code for calculating band-structure dependent quantities.
Computer Physics Communications 175, 67–71 \(2006\).") :

1\. the conductivity related to the electric field:
(4)σαβ(T;µ)=1Ω∫σαβ(ε)[−∂fµ(T;ε)∂ε]dε,

2\. the conductivity related to the electric and magnetic field:
(5)σαβγ(T;µ)=1Ω∫σαβγ(ε)[−∂fµ(T;ε)∂ε]dε,

3\. the conductivity related to the thermal gradient:
ναβ(T;µ)=1eTΩ∫σαβ(ε−µ)[−∂fµ(T;ε)∂ε]dε,

4\. the electronic contribution to thermal conductivity:
(6)καβ0(T;µ)=1e2TΩ∫σαβ(ε)(ε−µ)2[−∂fµ(T;ε)∂ε]dε. where _f_ _μ_ is the Fermi
distribution, Ω is the volume of the unit cell, and _e_ the electron charge.
From these tensorial quantities, it is straightforward to determine the other
following quantities:
(7)κijel=κij0−Tνiα(σ−1)βανβj,theelectronicthermalconductivityatzeroelectriccurrent;
(8)Sij=Ei(∇jT)−1=(σ−1)αiναj,theSeebeckcoefficient;
(9)Rijk=EjindjiapplBkappl=(σ−1)αjσαβk(σ−1)iβ,theHallcoefficient;
(10)n(T;µ)=nυ−1Ω∫g(ε)fµ(T;ε)dε,thedopingcarrierconcentration.

The Seebeck coefficient _S_ _ij_ , also known as thermopower, is one of the
characteristic properties of thermoelectrics. Within the constant relaxation
time approximation, 1/ _R_ _ijk_ is proportional to the Hall carrier density,
a quantity usually obtained in experiments by Hall effect measurements. _n_ (
_T_ ; _μ_ ) is the electron or hole concentration depending on the doping
type, calculated via the density of states _g_ ( _ε_ ), the number of valence
electrons per volume nυ and the Fermi distribution _f_ _μ_ ( _T_ ; _ε_ ). All
these quantities are part of the standard output of the BoltzTraP code.

In addition, we computed the conductivity effective mass. This effective mass
is simply derived from the conductivity tensor and the doping carrier
concentration: (11)M¯αβ−1=σαβne2τ

We note that this definition works properly only for semiconductors where the
doping carrier concentration (equation (10)) is well defined. In metals and
small gap materials it fails because the doping carrier concentration deviates
from the total carrier concentration, as we discuss further in the Usage
Notes. Effective mass tensors are typically evaluated from band structures by
computing second derivatives at a certain k-point (e.g., the valence band
maximum or conduction band minimum) along certain symmetry lines through
finite differences. There are numerical challenges in doing
so[32](/articles/sdata201785#ref32 "Laflamme Janssen, J. et al. Precise
effective masses from density functional perturbation theory. Phys. Rev. B 93,
205147 \(2016\).") and choosing the k-point to evaluate the effective mass is
not obvious when facing band structures with important non-parabolicity,
multiple degenerate bands or pockets with close energy in different part of
the Brillouin zone. The conductivity effective mass can be also seen as an
average over the Brillouin zone and bands of the k-dependent second derivative
(equation (3)) as integration by parts leads to:
(12)M¯αβ−1=−∑i∫Mαβ−1(i,k)fµ(εi,k,T)dk4π3∑i∫fµ(εi,k,T)dk4π3.

We note that this conductivity effective mass tensor is dependent on
temperature and doping level. This quantity has been successfully used for
high-throughput screening of new low effective mass transparent conducting and
thermoelectric materials[27](/articles/sdata201785#ref27 "Hautier, G., Miglio,
A., Ceder, G., Rignanese, G.-M. & Gonze, X. Identification and design
principles of low hole effective mass p-type transparent conducting oxides.
Nature Communications 4, 2292 \(2013\)."),[28](/articles/sdata201785#ref28
"Gibbs, Z. M. et al. Effective mass and fermi surface complexity factor from
ab initio band structure calculations. npj Computational Materials 3, 8
\(2017\)."),[33](/articles/sdata201785#ref33 "Hautier, G., Miglio, A.,
Waroquiers, D., Rignanese, G.-M. & Gonze, X. How does chemistry influence
electron effective mass in oxides? a high-throughput computational analysis.
Chemistry of Materials 26, 5447–5458
\(2014\)."),​[34](/articles/sdata201785#ref34 "Bhatia, A. et al. High-mobility
bismuth-based transparent p-type oxide from high-throughput material
screening. Chemistry of Materials 28, 30–34
\(2016\)."),​[35](/articles/sdata201785#ref35 "Varley, J. B. et al. High-
throughput design of non-oxide p-type transparent conducting materials: Data
mining, search strategy, and identification of boron phosphide. Chemistry of
Materials 29, 2568–2573 \(2017\)."). Hereafter, when we refer to calculated
effective mass we mean conductivity effective mass.

The integration of Boltzmann’s equation requires an analytical description of
the band structure. The BoltzTraP code provides it using an interpolation
method based on a Fourier expansion of the band energies that maintains the
space group symmetry by using star functions. The basic idea of this technique
is to use more star functions than band-energies, but constraining the number
of fit bands ε˜ to be equal to the number of energy bands _ε_ and using the
additional freedom to minimize a roughness function _ρ_. This method was
introduced by Shankland[36](/articles/sdata201785#ref36 "Shankland, D. G.
Computational Methods in Band Theory, 362 \(Plenum, 1971\).") , verified and
tested by Koelling and Wood[37](/articles/sdata201785#ref37 "Koelling, D. &
Wood, J. On the interpolation of eigenvalues and a resultant integration
scheme. Journal of Computational Physics 67, 253–262 \(1986\)."), and modified
by Pickett _et al._[38](/articles/sdata201785#ref38 "Pickett, W. E., Krakauer,
H. & Allen, P. B. Smooth fourier interpolation of periodic functions. Phys.
Rev. B 38, 2721–2726 \(1988\)."). The BoltzTraP code has been largely tested
over the last decade in different applications ranging from
superconductors[39](/articles/sdata201785#ref39 "Allen, P. B., Pickett, W. E.
& Krakauer, H. Anisotropic normal-state transport properties predicted and
analyzed for high-Tc oxide superconductors. Phys. Rev. B 37, 7482–7490
\(1988\).") to thermoelectric[40](/articles/sdata201785#ref40 "Singh, D. J. &
Mazin, I. I. Calculated thermoelectric properties of la-filled skutterudites.
Phys. Rev. B 56, R1650–R1653 \(1997\)."),​[41](/articles/sdata201785#ref41
"Zhu, H., Sun, W., Armiento, R., Lazic, P. & Ceder, G. Band structure
engineering through orbital interaction for enhanced thermoelectric power
factor. Applied Physics Letters 104, 082107
\(2014\)."),​[42](/articles/sdata201785#ref42 "Ong, K. P., Singh, D. J. & Wu,
P. Analysis of the thermoelectric properties of n-type zno. Phys. Rev. B 83,
115110 \(2011\)."),​[43](/articles/sdata201785#ref43 "Zhu, H. et al.
Computational and experimental investigation of TmAgTe2 and XYZ2 compounds, a
new group of thermoelectric materials identified by first-principles high-
throughput screening. J. Mater. Chem. C 3, 10554–10565
\(2015\)."),​[44](/articles/sdata201785#ref44 "Aydemir, U. et al. YCuTe2: a
member of a new class of thermoelectric materials with CuTe4-based layered
structure. J. Mater. Chem. A 4, 2461–2472 \(2016\).") materials, and good
agreement has been found with experimental values in several
cases[45](/articles/sdata201785#ref45 "Madsen, G. K. H., Schwarz, K., Blaha,
P. & Singh, D. J. Electronic structure and transport in type-I and type-VIII
clathrates containing strontium, barium, and europium. Phys. Rev. B 68, 125212
\(2003\)."),​[46](/articles/sdata201785#ref46 "Bentien, A., Pacheco, V.,
Paschen, S., Grin, Y. & Steglich, F. Transport properties of composition tuned
α- and β-Eu8Ga16−xGe30+x. Phys. Rev. B 71, 165206
\(2005\)."),​[47](/articles/sdata201785#ref47 "Pacheco, V. et al. Relationship
between composition and charge carrier concentration in Eu8Ga16−xGe30+x
clathrates. Phys. Rev. B 71, 165205 \(2005\)."). From a practical point of
view, the BoltzTraP code takes as input the electronic energies for different
k-points, previously calculated by a DFT code (or other methods), interpolates
the bands, and computes the Fermi integrals for different temperatures and
Fermi level. Finally, it returns as output all the transport coefficients,
along with other data such as the coefficients of the interpolating function.

Finally, we also would like to mention the BoltzWann
code[48](/articles/sdata201785#ref48 "Pizzi, G., Volja, D., Kozinsky, B.,
Fornari, M. & Marzari, N. Boltzwann: A code for the evaluation of
thermoelectric and electronic transport properties with a maximally-localized
wannier functions basis. Computer Physics Communications 185, 422–429
\(2014\)."): a recent attempt to interpolate bands using Wannier
functions[49](/articles/sdata201785#ref49 "Marzari, N. & Vanderbilt, D.
Maximally localized generalized wannier functions for composite energy bands.
Phys. Rev. B 56, 12847–12865 \(1997\)."). Although it provides a greater
accuracy for the interpolated band structures, (e.g., treating the band
crossings better), this method has not been as widely tested as BoltzTraP, and
it is difficult to exploit within a HT framework since the automated
construction of Wannier functions is still in its early
stages[50](/articles/sdata201785#ref50 "Mustafa, J. I., Coh, S., Cohen, M. L.
& Louie, S. G. Automated construction of maximally localized wannier
functions: Optimized projection functions method. Phys. Rev. B 92, 165134
\(2015\).").

### Computational parameters

The input data needed to run BoltzTraP are the crystal structure and the
electronic band structure on a uniform grid. Both of these inputs are computed
using the standard high-throughput density functional theory (HT-DFT) recipe
from the MP summarized in refs [51](/articles/sdata201785#ref51 "Jain, A. et
al. A high-throughput infrastructure for density functional theory
calculations. Computational Materials Science 50, 2295–2310
\(2011\)."),[52](/articles/sdata201785#ref52 "The materials project wiki page.
http://materialsproject.org/wiki/index.php/Calculations_Wiki."). The DFT
calculations were performed using the Vienna Ab initio Simulation Package
(VASP)[53](/articles/sdata201785#ref53 "Kresse, G. & Hafner, J. Ab initio
molecular dynamics for liquid metals. Phys. Rev. B 47, 558–561
\(1993\)."),[54](/articles/sdata201785#ref54 "Kresse, G. & Furthmüller, J.
Efficient iterative schemes for ab initio total-energy calculations using a
plane-wave basis set. Phys. Rev. B 54, 11169–11186 \(1996\).") using the
Perdew-Burke-Ernzerhof (PBE)[55](/articles/sdata201785#ref55 "Perdew, J. P.,
Burke, K. & Ernzerhof, M. Generalized gradient approximation made simple.
Phys. Rev. Lett. 77, 3865–3868 \(1996\).") generalized gradient approximation
(GGA) and adopting the projector augmented-wave
(PAW)[56](/articles/sdata201785#ref56 "Blöchl, P. E. Projector augmented-wave
method. Phys. Rev. B 50, 17953–17979
\(1994\)."),[57](/articles/sdata201785#ref57 "Kresse, G. & Joubert, D. From
ultrasoft pseudopotentials to the projector augmented-wave method. Phys. Rev.
B 59, 1758–1775 \(1999\).") approach. For transition metal oxides with
localized _d_ orbitals, the GGA+U method was employed setting the MP standard
Hubbard corrections[58](/articles/sdata201785#ref58 "Anisimov, V. I., Zaanen,
J. & Andersen, O. K. Band theory and mott insulators: Hubbard U instead of
stoner I. Phys. Rev. B 44, 943–954
\(1991\)."),[59](/articles/sdata201785#ref59 "Dudarev, S. L., Botton, G. A.,
Savrasov, S. Y., Humphreys, C. J. & Sutton, A. P. Electron-energy-loss spectra
and the structural stability of nickel oxide: An lsda+u study. Phys. Rev. B
57, 1505–1509 \(1998\)."). Most of the structures contained in the MP database
originate from the Inorganic Crystal Structures Database
(ICSD)[60](/articles/sdata201785#ref60 "Belsky, A., Hellenbrandt, M., Karen,
V. L. & Luksch, P. New developments in the Inorganic Crystal Structure
Database \(ICSD\): accessibility in support of materials research and design.
Acta Crystallographica Section B 58, 364–369
\(2002\)."),[61](/articles/sdata201785#ref61 "Bergerhoff, G., Hundt, R.,
Sievers, R. & Brown, I. D. The inorganic crystal structure data base. Journal
of Chemical Information and Computer Sciences 23, 66–69 \(1983\)."). The
others come from previous high-throughput projects (e.g., a Li-ion battery
screening project[51](/articles/sdata201785#ref51 "Jain, A. et al. A high-
throughput infrastructure for density functional theory calculations.
Computational Materials Science 50, 2295–2310 \(2011\).") ) as well as from
other databases (e.g., the Open Quantum Materials
Database[18](/articles/sdata201785#ref18 "Saal, J. E., Kirklin, S., Aykol, M.,
Meredig, B. & Wolverton, C. Materials design and discovery with high-
throughput density functional theory: The open quantum materials database
\(oqmd\). JOM 65, 1501–1509 \(2013\).")). All structures were fully-relaxed
(cell and atomic positions) using a two-step procedure, until the energy
difference is lower than 0.0005 eV/atoms. All relaxations were performed with
spin polarization on and initializing magnetic ions in a high-spin
ferromagnetic. For subsequent calculations spin-polarization was retained only
when the relaxation results demonstrated non-zero atomically projected
magnetic moments. The band structure calculations were determined for standard
primitive cells according to the conventions of Setyawan and
Curtarolo[19](/articles/sdata201785#ref19 "Setyawan, W. & Curtarolo, S. High-
throughput electronic band structure calculations: Challenges and tools.
Computational Materials Science 49, 299–312 \(2010\)."). A self-consistent
static calculation was first performed in order to converge the charge density
using a moderate k-point density to sample the Brillouin zone (90 k-points per
Å−3 (reciprocal lattice volume) for large gap systems (≥0.5 eV) and of 450
k-points per Å−3 for those with small gap (<0.5 eV)). The tetrahedron method
has been used for the band structure integration over k space in most of the
cases. Whenever this method fails, the Gaussian smearing method has been
used[51](/articles/sdata201785#ref51 "Jain, A. et al. A high-throughput
infrastructure for density functional theory calculations. Computational
Materials Science 50, 2295–2310 \(2011\)."),[52](/articles/sdata201785#ref52
"The materials project wiki page.
http://materialsproject.org/wiki/index.php/Calculations_Wiki."). Then, two
non-self-consistent calculations were performed to evaluate the band
structures: the first one along symmetry lines as defined in ref.
[19](/articles/sdata201785#ref19 "Setyawan, W. & Curtarolo, S. High-throughput
electronic band structure calculations: Challenges and tools. Computational
Materials Science 49, 299–312 \(2010\).") and the second one on an uniform
k-point grid (1,000 k-points per Å−3 for large band gap systems, i.e., ≥0.5
eV, estimated from self-consistent runs and 1,500 k-points per Å−3 for small
band gap systems i.e., <0.5 eV). Spin-orbit coupling was not considered in the
current study, but could be implemented as a next step to refine the database.

Doping (i.e., introduction of additional carriers either holes or electrons)
has a tremendous effect on electronic transport properties. Doping will set
the Fermi level ( _μ_ ) and directly influence the values of the transport
properties. A first dataset provides all the transport quantities for both
n-type and p-type doping at fixed doping levels ranging from 1016 to 1020
cm−3, increasing the doping by one order of magnitude at each step. A second
and finer dataset provides the electronic transport properties at various
Fermi level energies (on a uniform bin from −1.5 to 1.5 eV around the Fermi
level with an energy increment of 0.005 eV), and temperatures (ranging from
100 to 1,300 K with an increment of 100 K). The transport quantities
accessible in the two datasets are listed in Tables 1 and 2. We should note
that users interested in values for doping levels not within our fixed dopings
from 1016 to 1020cm−3 can use the finer dataset to compute more precise doping
(see Usage Notes).

 **Table 1: Transport properties stored in the first dataset with their units
and data size.**

[ Full size table](/articles/sdata201785/tables/1)

 **Table 2: Transport properties stored in the second dataset with their units
and data size.**

[ Full size table](/articles/sdata201785/tables/2)

### Limitations

Here, we would like to discuss the main approximation which is made in this
work: the constant relaxation time. Looking at the conductivity tensor, the
relaxation time _τ_ _i,_ **k** is written in the general form as a tensor
depending on both the energy and the direction. All scattering events that can
influence electron conduction such as impurity scattering, phonon scattering,
etc., are included in this parameter[1](/articles/sdata201785#ref1 "Ziman, J.
Principles of the Theory of Solids. 2nd edn \(Cambridge University Press,
1972\)."),[2](/articles/sdata201785#ref2 "Nag, B. R. Electron Transport in
Compound Semiconductors \(Springer Verlag,
1980\)."),[62](/articles/sdata201785#ref62 "Mahan, G. D. Intern. Tables for
Crystall. D Vol. 1, Chap. 8 220–227 \(Cambridge University Press, 2006\).").
Considering this term as a constant thus means that it is modeled to be
isotropic and not strongly varying at the energy scale of _k_ _B_ _T_. This is
a strong approximation that it is known to be far from experimental values for
several materials. Many models have been proposed and tested in order to take
into account different scattering processes, both
empirical[39](/articles/sdata201785#ref39 "Allen, P. B., Pickett, W. E. &
Krakauer, H. Anisotropic normal-state transport properties predicted and
analyzed for high-Tc oxide superconductors. Phys. Rev. B 37, 7482–7490
\(1988\)."),[63](/articles/sdata201785#ref63 "Delugas, P. et al. Doping-
induced dimensional crossover and thermopower burst in nb-doped srtio3
superlattices. Phys. Rev. B 88, 045310
\(2013\)."),​[64](/articles/sdata201785#ref64 "Filippetti, A. et al.
Thermopower in oxide heterostructures: The importance of being multiple-band
conductors. Phys. Rev. B 86, 195301
\(2012\)."),​[65](/articles/sdata201785#ref65 "Filippetti, A., Fiorentini, V.,
Ricci, F., Delugas, P. & Íñiguez, J. Prediction of a native ferroelectric
metal. Nature Communications 7, 11211
\(2016\)."),​[66](/articles/sdata201785#ref66 "Durczewski, K. & Ausloos, M.
Nontrivial behavior of the thermoelectric power: Electron-electron versus
electron-phonon scattering. Phys. Rev. B 61, 5303–5310 \(2000\).") and first-
principles[67](/articles/sdata201785#ref67 "Faghaninia, A., Ager, J. W. & Lo,
C. S. Ab initio electronic transport model with explicit solution to the
linearized boltzmann transport equation. Phys. Rev. B 91, 235123
\(2015\)."),[68](/articles/sdata201785#ref68 "Giustino, F., Cohen, M. L. &
Louie, S. G. Electron-phonon interaction using wannier functions. Phys. Rev. B
76, 165108 \(2007\)."). However such models for going beyond the constant
relaxation time are more complex and introduce a dependence on further
materials properties such as electron-phonon interaction, deformation
potential, elastic constants, and dielectric constants. They are therefore
more difficult to use on a high-throughput scale for thousands of materials.
We should stress that while more accurate approaches exist, particularly for
detailed studies of single materials, the constant relaxation time is
extremely useful for a first screening and for getting general trends if the
user keeps in mind its limitations[23](/articles/sdata201785#ref23 "Chen, W.
et al. Understanding thermoelectric properties from high-throughput
calculations: trends, insights, and comparisons with experiment. J. Mater.
Chem. C 4, 4414–4426 \(2016\)."),​[24](/articles/sdata201785#ref24
"Bhattacharya, S. & Madsen, G. K. H. High-throughput exploration of alloying
as design strategy for thermoelectrics. Phys. Rev. B 92, 085205
\(2015\)."),​[25](/articles/sdata201785#ref25 "Zhang, J. et al. Designing
high-performance layered thermoelectric materials through orbital engineering.
Nature Communications 7, 10892 \(2016\).").

As conductivities (thermal and electronic) depend proportionally on the
relaxation time within our constant relaxation time framework, we provide
those quantities per unit of relaxation time. The user could then simply
multiply these values by a constant relaxation time (typically 10−14 to 10−15
s) to obtain the final transport properties. The Seebeck coefficient does not
depend on the relaxation time within the constant relaxation time
approximation. We remind though that in this approximation the sign of Seebeck
coefficient is wrong for some metals[69](/articles/sdata201785#ref69 "Xu, B. &
Verstraete, M. J. First principles explanation of the positive seebeck
coefficient of lithium. Phys. Rev. Lett. 112, 196603 \(2014\).").

Another issue is related to the k-point grid. Its density is quite important
for the precision of transport properties calculated by interpolation. A known
problem of the Fourier interpolation is the incorrect determination of band
derivatives near band crossings. This problem has been analyzed in ref.
[38](/articles/sdata201785#ref38 "Pickett, W. E., Krakauer, H. & Allen, P. B.
Smooth fourier interpolation of periodic functions. Phys. Rev. B 38, 2721–2726
\(1988\).") demonstrating that if the band crossing is not too close to the
Fermi level, the derivative and curvature of the bands are not much affected.
A possible solution has been proposed by Uehara _et
al._[70](/articles/sdata201785#ref70 "Uehara, K. & Tse, J. S. Calculations of
transport properties with the linearized augmented plane-wave method. Phys.
Rev. B 61, 1639–1642 \(2000\)."). Also, as mentioned in ref.
[4](/articles/sdata201785#ref4 "Madsen, G. K. & Singh, D. J. Boltztrap. a code
for calculating band-structure dependent quantities. Computer Physics
Communications 175, 67–71 \(2006\)."), this problem is localized only along
high-symmetry lines. A dense k-point grid will often solve this issue, and
since properties are averaged with respect to k-points and bands their
accuracy is not affected significantly. When considering a limited number of
materials, a very dense k-grid is commonly used. For example, Madsen suggests
64·10 6/ _V_ k-points in the full Brillouin
zone[24](/articles/sdata201785#ref24 "Bhattacharya, S. & Madsen, G. K. H.
High-throughput exploration of alloying as design strategy for
thermoelectrics. Phys. Rev. B 92, 085205 \(2015\)."). Since we are dealing
with thousands of materials, the k-point grid used in this project is coarser.
It represents a compromise between computational time and accuracy. However,
we stress here that we use a validation method (see Validation section) which
tests the quality of the band structure interpolation and assesses if the
k-point grid is dense enough to avoid any large failure of the interpolation
scheme.

Finally, standard density functionals such as the generalized gradient
approximation (GGA) used in this work are known to underestimate band gaps. We
have found that, in particular, materials for which we predict band gaps less
then about 10 kBT, but the true gaps are higher than this value, can be
subject to larger errors in the predicted
properties[23](/articles/sdata201785#ref23 "Chen, W. et al. Understanding
thermoelectric properties from high-throughput calculations: trends, insights,
and comparisons with experiment. J. Mater. Chem. C 4, 4414–4426 \(2016\).").

### Workflow

The sequence of steps used for the HT calculations in order to produce the
dataset is illustrated in Fig. 1. It has been automated using the FireWorks
workflow software[71](/articles/sdata201785#ref71 "Jain, A. et al. Fireworks:
a dynamic workflow system designed for high-throughput applications.
Concurrency and Computation: Practice and Experience 27, 5037–5059
\(2015\)."). The Materials Project provides the GGA/GGA+U band structure on a
uniform grid for the majority of the materials. On this set of materials, we
executed the BoltzTraP code exploiting the BoltztrapRunner class from the
pymatgen software[72](/articles/sdata201785#ref72 "Ong, S. P. et al. Python
materials genomics \(pymatgen\): A robust, open-source python library for
materials analysis. Computational Materials Science 68, 314–319 \(2013\).").
This class, written by some of the authors of this paper, automates writing
the four input files required by BoltzTraP, converting units (from eV in Ry
and from bohr to Å), checking possible known errors in the output log file,
and rerunning BoltzTraP with different parameters in order to solve them. This
class also includes an internal loop on two main parameters to get a
convergence of the conductivity effective mass. The two tuned parameters in
the loop are the _lpfac_ , controlling the multiplier for the interpolated
mesh and the _energy_grid_ that is the increment _dε_ used to compute the
integral of transport properties. We use another class of pymatgen that we
developed, called BoltztrapAnalyzer, to extract the properties from the output
and transform them into Python dictionaries that organize the data according
to the doping type, doping levels, and temperatures.

 **Figure 1: Flowchart illustrating the HT calculation scheme used to
calculate and store transport properties.**

[![Figure 1](https://media.nature.com/m685/nature-
assets/sdata/2017/sdata201785/images_hires/sdata201785-f1.jpg)](/articles/sdata201785/figures/1)

[ Full size image](/articles/sdata201785/figures/1)

Before storing the transport properties, we perform a validation step, which
compares the bandstructure on high-symmetry lines calculated by DFT with those
interpolated by BoltzTraP. Having a rough assessment of the interpolation
accuracy, we can weight the reliability of the related properties. We can also
determine in which cases the uniform grid is too sparse, and when needed,
recompute the band structure with a denser grid. This validation step is
discussed further in the validation section.

Finally, once all the properties are collected for each material, we store
them in the form of a JSON (JavaScript Object Notation) data document in the
Dryad-repository ([Data Citation 1](/articles/sdata201785#cite1): Dryad
digital repository <https://doi.org/10.5061/dryad.gn001>). Furthermore, in the
future all currently available data will be accessible via the MP website and
obtainable by the MP REST API[73](/articles/sdata201785#ref73 "Ong, S. P. et
al. The materials application programming interface \(api\): A simple,
flexible and efficient {API} for materials data based on {REpresentational}
state transfer \(rest\) principles. Computational Materials Science 97,
209–215 \(2015\)."),[74](/articles/sdata201785#ref74 "Fielding, R. T.
Architectural Styles and the Design of Network-based Software Architectures,
Ph.D. thesis University of California, Irvine
http://www.ics.uci.edu/fielding/pubs/dissertation/top.htm \(2000\).").

### Code availability

The proprietary Vienna Ab Initio Simulation Package (VASP)
code[53](/articles/sdata201785#ref53 "Kresse, G. & Hafner, J. Ab initio
molecular dynamics for liquid metals. Phys. Rev. B 47, 558–561
\(1993\)."),[54](/articles/sdata201785#ref54 "Kresse, G. & Furthmüller, J.
Efficient iterative schemes for ab initio total-energy calculations using a
plane-wave basis set. Phys. Rev. B 54, 11169–11186 \(1996\).") is used in this
work for the calculation of band structures. The BoltzTraP code is open source
and freely accessible. The python classes used to run the BoltzTraP code,
extract its output, format it, and perform the accuracy check on bands are
implemented in the pymatgen software[72](/articles/sdata201785#ref72 "Ong, S.
P. et al. Python materials genomics \(pymatgen\): A robust, open-source python
library for materials analysis. Computational Materials Science 68, 314–319
\(2013\)."). Pymatgen is released under the MIT (Massachusetts Institute of
Technology) License and is open source. The workflow depicted in Fig. 1 is
implemented using the FireWorks software[71](/articles/sdata201785#ref71
"Jain, A. et al. Fireworks: a dynamic workflow system designed for high-
throughput applications. Concurrency and Computation: Practice and Experience
27, 5037–5059 \(2015\)."), which is open source under a modified GPL (GNU
General Public License). Although VASP is available only under commercial
license, the present results can be reproduced by querying for the band
structures in the MP database using the associated mp-id and then running
BoltzTraP calculations.

## Data Records

The calculated transport properties of ~48,000 materials are reported in the
present work. All the considered materials are inorganic solid crystal
compounds. Molecules are not included. In order to have an overview of the
dataset of structures, we can define two partitions according to the DFT-GGA
band gap: about 18,000 metals and about 25,000 semiconductors with band gap
higher than 0.1 eV. The calculated transport properties and the associated
metadata of all the materials are grouped into two datasets: the first dataset
contains higher-level information (the properties listed in Table 1 and the
metadata in Table 3); the second dataset contains more detailed information
(the properties listed in Table 2). For each material, we provide the
transport properties calculated from the GGA band structure (~46,000) and, if
available, also from the GGA+U one (~13,000). We stress that both GGA and
GGA+U data can be available for the same compound. The two datasets contain a
JSON file for each material, grouped in unique compressed archive and stored
in the Dryad-repository ([Data Citation 1](/articles/sdata201785#cite1): Dryad
digital repository <https://doi.org/10.5061/dryad.gn001>). All the data will
additionally be made accessible through the Materials Project website
([www.materialsproject.org](http://www.materialsproject.org)). The Materials
API[73](/articles/sdata201785#ref73 "Ong, S. P. et al. The materials
application programming interface \(api\): A simple, flexible and efficient
{API} for materials data based on {REpresentational} state transfer \(rest\)
principles. Computational Materials Science 97, 209–215 \(2015\).") and a
dedicated web interface of the MP website will be available for downloading
the data and querying materials for certain transport properties. The MP
website will also include dedicated pages with details for each compound,
giving an overview of its calculated properties as well as the calculation
parameters.

 **Table 3: Additional keys for each entry of both datasets and their
descriptions.**

[ Full size table](/articles/sdata201785/tables/3)

### File format

The data for each of the calculated material is stored as a JSON document
([Data Citation 1](/articles/sdata201785#cite1): Dryad digital repository
<https://doi.org/10.5061/dryad.gn001>). The JSON format is comprised of
hierarchical key-value pairs. Tables 1 and 2 report the first level JSON keys,
units, the datatype of the values, and a short description, for both datasets.
Table 4 contains a description of the dictionary used to store the output of
the check of the interpolation of bands. All these keys are inside the main
root key called ‘GGA’ (and/or ‘GGA+U’ when available). Table 5 offers a
description of the structure of the dictionary used for collecting all the
values of each property according to doping type, temperature, doping level,
and data type. Additional keys (located at the root level) are provided as
metadata for each entry of both datasets. They contain information regarding
some of the properties of the materials, such as the crystal structure and a
unique mp-id for structure identification within the MP database.

 **Table 4: Description of the dictionary structure used to store the output
of the interpolation check of bands.**

[ Full size table](/articles/sdata201785/tables/4)

 **Table 5: Description of the dictionary structure used to store transport
properties in both datasets.**

[ Full size table](/articles/sdata201785/tables/5)

### Properties

The properties included in the two datasets are reported in Tables 1 and 2.
Each property is stored in a dictionary and, except for the effective mass,
has been calculated for various doping types, temperatures, doping levels, and
data type. All these cases are accessible by the sub-keys reported in Table 5.

In the first dataset, the following properties are stored: Seebeck
coefficient, electronic conductivity (divided by _τ_ ), and electronic thermal
conductivity (divided by _τ_ ) for different doping (type and levels) and
temperature; carrier and Hall carrier concentration for different temperatures
as a function of the Fermi level (energy steps contained as values of the
_mu_steps_ key); effective masses for a doping concentration of 10 18 cm−3 at
300 K, where n- and p-type refer to electron and hole masses, respectively;
the Fermi level values.

In the second dataset (containing additional information intended for expert
users) the following properties are stored: Seebeck coefficient, electronic
conductivity (divided by _τ_ ), and electronic thermal conductivity (divided
by _τ_ ) for different temperatures as a function of the Fermi level (energy
steps contained as values of the _mu_steps_ key); effective masses for
different doping levels (n- and p-type) at 300 K; the values of the chemical
potential corresponding to each doping level (n- and p-type); the Fermi level
values.

In both datasets, for the Seebeck coefficient, the electronic conductivity
(divided by _τ_ ), and the electronic thermal conductivity (divided by _τ_ )
both the full tensor and its eigenvalues, sorted in ascending order, are
stored. For the effective mass, only the sorted (in ascending order)
eigenvalues of the full tensor are stored. Regarding the Hall carrier
concentration, only the averaged trace of the full Hall tensor is stored. We
provide eigenvalues since they are invariant of the axis choice. They are
therefore extremely useful to query. For instance, a search for high Seebeck
materials would involve a query on the Seebeck eigenvalues. To facilitate
queries, the eigenvalues are sorted by ascending order (the first eigenvalue
being the smallest one). The anisotropy of a property can directly be assessed
by the difference between the last and first eigenvalue. We stress that the
provided eigenvalues are sorted in ascending order and do not contain any
information about the corresponding principal directions. In order to obtain
the correspondence between crystallographic directions and eigenvalues, we
suggest to work on the full tensor (and the crystal structure information) and
apply an algorithm finding eigenvalues and eigenvectors (see also Usage
Notes). We also remind that the effective masses are reported only for
semiconductor materials, namely compounds with a band gap higher than zero in
GGA or GGA+U.

### Graphical representation of results

In Figs 2 and 3, we present some of the transport properties stored in the
current database. In Fig. 2, we present the Seebeck coefficient as a function
of the electrical conductivity (divided by _τ_ ), for all materials having a
GGA band gap higher than 0.1 eV (around 25,000 compounds). Both properties are
computed for 600 K and a doping level of 1020 cm−3. The diameter of the
circles is used to indicate the band gap and the color to represent the power
factor, _S_ 2 _σ_ (PF). The graph shows an almost symmetrical spread of points
with respect to the x-axis. The two halves contain the two types of doping due
to the opposite sign of the Seebeck coefficient. The color gradient shows a
reasonable increasing trend toward values of Seebeck and conductivity that
maximize the PF. It is evident, however, how difficult it is for materials to
reach both high Seebeck and high conductivity at the same time, given the
absence of points in that region. The distribution of points according to
their size suggests that small band gap materials are concentrated in a range
of Seebeck coefficient values lower than 200 _μ_ V/K. Above 200 _μ_ V/K is
difficult to find any trend because of the overlapping of data points.

 **Figure 2: Seebeck versus electron conductivity (divided by _τ_ ).**

[![Figure 2](https://media.nature.com/m685/nature-
assets/sdata/2017/sdata201785/images_hires/sdata201785-f2.jpg)](/articles/sdata201785/figures/2)

The color represents the power factor ( _S_ 2 _σ_ ) and the pointsize is used
for band gap. The reported values are averages over the three direction for
T=600 K and n- and p-type doping level (Dop) of 1020 cm−3. Only materials with
band gap higher than 0.1 eV in GGA are considered.

[Full size image](/articles/sdata201785/figures/2)

 **Figure 3: Electron contribution of the thermal conductivity versus electron
conductivity: (both divided by _τ_ ).**

[![Figure 3](https://media.nature.com/m685/nature-
assets/sdata/2017/sdata201785/images_hires/sdata201785-f3.jpg)](/articles/sdata201785/figures/3)

The values are averages over three direction for T=600 K. Only materials with
band gap equal to zero eV in GGA are considered. The blue line represents the
Wiedemann-Franz law that holds for metals.

[Full size image](/articles/sdata201785/figures/3)

In Fig. 3, we plot the electrical part of thermal conductivity as a function
of the electrical conductivity (both divided by _τ_ ) for all metallic
compounds (with a gap equal to zero in GGA) in the database (~18,000
compounds). For such materials, the electronic contribution of the thermal
conductivity can be related to the electrical conductivity and the temperature
through the well known Wiedemann-Franz law: _κ_ _el_ / _σ_ = _LT_ , where _L_
=2.4·10−8 WΩK−2 is the Lorenz number. This law is plotted as a blue line
superimposed onto the set of points. The theoretical trend is followed quite
well by our dataset, especially for those materials that are common metals
with electronic conductivity in the range 1021−1022 (mΩs)−1.

Experimental data for Seebeck, thermal and electrical conductivity stored in
the MRL database of thermoelectric properties[75](/articles/sdata201785#ref75
"Gaultois, M. W. et al. Data-driven review of thermoelectric materials:
Performance and resource considerations. Chemistry of Materials 25, 2911–2920
\(2013\)."),[76](/articles/sdata201785#ref76 "Mrl, material research
laboratory. http://www.mrl.ucsb.edu:8080/datamine/about.jsp.") show very
similar trends.

## Technical Validation

### Validation of interpolation precision

Given that the initial uniform k-point grid of band structure might not be
sufficient for a good interpolation of all band structures, we performed a
post-process check before storing our data. The band structure along symmetry
lines given by the interpolation are compared to the one explicitly computed
with denser k-point grid which are reported in the Materials Project. This
comparison has been implemented in pymatgen.

The comparison is two-fold. First, we assess the correlation distance (as
defined in scipy.spatial.distance.correlation class; basically 1− _ρ_ , where
_ρ_ is the Pearson coefficient) between the two energy bands to determine if
they behave similarly. Second, we evaluate their energy distance for each
segment of high-symmetry path by means of a sum of absolute differences
averaged over the number of k-points in each segment:
Dik−path=1N∑k|εi,kBzt−εi,kDFT|, where εi,kBzt,εi,kDFT are the energies for the
band _i_ in the k-point _k_ calculated by BoltzTraP and DFT, respectively. The
output of this check is stored in a dictionary described in the Table 4. It
mainly contains the correlation distance and the energy distance (for each
segment and for the entire band) for the last (first) four valence
(conduction) bands for non-metals or four bands above and four below the Fermi
level for metals. For a quick screening, it also contains a warning flag (see
‘acc_err’ key in Table 4), for both correlation distance and energy distance
(for the entire band), set to _True_ when their average over the eight bands
is higher then 0.03. According to this threshold, around 2.5% of GGA/GGA+U
band structures have a warning on the correlation and 4% have a warning on the
energy distance. The data with a warning on interpolation should be used with
extreme caution.

### Validation through comparison to experimental measurements

In this section, we evaluate the level of agreement between calculated
properties and the experimental counterpart. Several sources of disagreement
can a priori be expected. First of all, we use a series of approximations
including DFT, the neglect of temperature effect on the band structure and the
constant relaxation time assumption. Numerical effects will also be present in
terms of the k-point grid density or the accuracy of derivative close to band
crossings although we expect those to be of smaller effect. Finally,
experimental measurements are often performed on crystals that could have
impurities or be polycrystalline.

Keeping that in mind, we refer to a recent paper by Chen _et
al._[23](/articles/sdata201785#ref23 "Chen, W. et al. Understanding
thermoelectric properties from high-throughput calculations: trends, insights,
and comparisons with experiment. J. Mater. Chem. C 4, 4414–4426 \(2016\).")
where the Seebeck coefficient and electrical conductivities providing from a
same approach using DFT and the constant relaxation time within BoltzTraP are
compared with experimental measurements. We summarize here only the main
outcomes of the comparison, and refer the reader to the original paper and its
supplementary section for more details. The best agreement is by far obtained
for the Seebeck coefficient. Mobilities and conductivities are more sensitive
to the constant relaxation time approximation but general trends between
materials are fairly reproduced. We should stress though that our dataset has
not been corrected for the typical band gap error in DFT by a scissor
operation.

We finally compare our computed effective mass with experimental data. We only
select direct measurements of effective mass through cyclotron resonance and
Shubnikov-de Haas (SdH) effect. All the experimental data is obtained from the
Landolt-Börnstein database[77](/articles/sdata201785#ref77 "Landolt-
bornstein—group III condensed matter. http://materials.springer.com."). We
take into account the anisotropy of the effective mass when needed and report
each symmetrically different direction as a different data point. Our computed
effective mass is obtained from the conductivity tensor and averages all the
bands contributing to the transport. When compared to cyclotron and SdH
measurements of individual bands, we need to average those individual band
contributions. We do so by a weighted average following the given formula:
(13)m¯12=m132⋅m1+m232⋅m2m132+m232, where the individual contributions are
labeled with 1 and 2. The formula assumes parabolicity of the bands.

In total we compare 33 effective masses. This is the largest comparison versus
experiment to our knowledge. Figure 4 plots the experimental versus the
theoretical effective mass obtained by our approach within GGA. The agreement
is fairly good and the trends between large and small effective mass materials
are well reproduced by DFT. The calculated Pearson and Spearman coefficients
are equal to 0.93 and 0.91, respectively. This justifies the use of these DFT
effective masses to screen for materials with low effective
masses[27](/articles/sdata201785#ref27 "Hautier, G., Miglio, A., Ceder, G.,
Rignanese, G.-M. & Gonze, X. Identification and design principles of low hole
effective mass p-type transparent conducting oxides. Nature Communications 4,
2292 \(2013\)."),[33](/articles/sdata201785#ref33 "Hautier, G., Miglio, A.,
Waroquiers, D., Rignanese, G.-M. & Gonze, X. How does chemistry influence
electron effective mass in oxides? a high-throughput computational analysis.
Chemistry of Materials 26, 5447–5458 \(2014\)."). No difference in accuracy
between electron and hole effective mass is noticeable. Most of the DFT
effective masses underestimate the experimental data. This could come from
either a systematic tendency for DFT along the underestimation of the band gap
as well for the effect of large polaron present in experiments and not taken
into account in our work.

 **Figure 4: Comparison of effective mass values computed in this work with
experimental values from ref.[77](/articles/sdata201785#ref77 "Landolt-
bornstein—group III condensed matter. http://materials.springer.com.").**

[![Figure 4](https://media.nature.com/m685/nature-
assets/sdata/2017/sdata201785/images_hires/sdata201785-f4.jpg)](/articles/sdata201785/figures/4)

Red and blue colors are used for n and p type materials, respectively. Circles
represent the average effective mass values along the three directions.
Squares, diamonds, and pentagons are used for effective mass values along x,
y, and z directions respectively. Calculated Pearson and Spearman coefficents
are equal to 0.93 and 0.91, respectively.

[Full size image](/articles/sdata201785/figures/4)

When comparing our results with experiments, one should keep in mind the
systematic tendency for semilocal exchange-correlation functionals used within
DFT to underestimate the band gap. While the band structure of semiconductors
with smaller band gaps can still provides very useful transport properties,
the closing of the band gap and the formation of a metallic compounds can lead
to much larger deviations.

## Usage Notes

Our paper provides a dataset of transport properties on about 48,000 materials
derived from DFT (GGA/GGA+U level) band structures and Boltzmann transport
calculations within the constant relaxation time approximation. This type of
data has already been used to give insights into fundamental materials
properties in electronics, or thermoelectrics. While we warn the user to be
always careful in the way this dataset is used (keeping in mind the limits of
our approach), this database constitutes a powerful basis for materials search
and data mining of materials transport properties.

The meaning of the doping provided by BolzTraP and used in our dataset needs
to be clarified. The doping level is not the total amount of carriers.
(equation (10)) states that the doping concentration is the difference between
the number of electrons per volume present in an undoped material and the
number of electrons per volume at the given Fermi level. For a better
understanding, we can rephrase it defining the doping concentration as the
number of excess holes compared to the number of free electrons at the given
Fermi level. It is more clear now that the doping concentration is positive
for p-type doping, where there are many more holes than free electrons, and
negative for n-type doping, where the opposite is true. We note that mobile
carriers that are intrinsically generated, resulting in equal numbers of holes
and free electrons, are not considered as part of the doping concentration.
For example, metals and small gap materials may include a significant carrier
concentration that is intrinsic and separate from the doping levels reported
in this work. For such materials, the total carrier concentration can be
directly obtained using for instance the Hall carrier concentration. We also
remind the user to keep in mind that the Hall carrier concentration does not
have to be the same than doping in general. This equality is only exact for
parabolic bands when the semiconductor is highly
degenerate[78](/articles/sdata201785#ref78 "May, A. F. & G. J. S. Introduction
to Modeling Thermoelectric Transport at High Temperatures Vol. 1, Chap. 11
\(CRC Press, 2012\)."). When comparing experimental and theoretical results,
one should remember that the vast majority of the cases carrier concentration
provided experimentally are Hall carrier concentration. Moreover, this
definition of carrier concentration affects the assessment of the conductivity
effective mass given by equation (11). Therefore we report the effective mass
only for materials with an energy gap higher then zero in GGA or GGA+U and we
advice the user to be careful using the effective mass for materials with an
energy gap lower than 0.1 eV.

As mentioned, we provide in the first dataset all the transport properties at
fixed doping levels. If the value of a certain property at a different doping
level is needed, it is possible for the user to use the second dataset
providing properties in function of Fermi level. When a target doping is set,
the user can find what Fermi level would provide this doping level at the
required temperature and use the properties corresponding to this Fermi level
and given temperature.

In both datasets, we stored both the full tensor and its sorted (in ascending
order) eigenvalues for the Seebeck coefficient, the electronic conductivity
(divided by _τ_ ), and the electronic thermal conductivity (divided by _τ_ ).
The eigenvalues (also sorted in ascending order) of the effective mass are
also provided. In case the value of a property along a specific direction of
the crystal is needed, the use of the full tensor and the structure are
mandatory. It is also important to note that when a derived property is needed
(e.g., the power factor _S_ 2 _σ_ ), it would be wrong to operate on
eigenvalues (since they might not refer to corresponding directions).
Therefore, we strongly suggest to instead perform the operations on the full
tensors. Eigenvalues can be obtained by running an adequate algorithm on the
resulting full tensor.

## Additional Information

 **How to cite this article:** Ricci, F. _et al._ An _ab initio_ electronic
transport database for inorganic materials. _Sci. Data_ 4:170085 doi:
10.1038/sdata.2017.85 (2017).

 **Publisher’s note:** Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to
jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.

## References

  1. 1.

Ziman, J. _Principles of the Theory of Solids_. 2nd edn ( Cambridge University
Press, 1972).

    *       * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&author=Ziman%2CJ.&journal=Principles%20of%20the%20Theory%20of%20Solids&publication_year=1972)
  2. 2.

Nag, B. R. _Electron Transport in Compound Semiconductors_ ( Springer Verlag,
1980).

    *       * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&author=Nag%2CB.%20R&journal=Electron%20Transport%20in%20Compound%20Semiconductors&publication_year=1980)
  3. 3.

Scheidemantel, T. J., Ambrosch-Draxl, C., Thonhauser, T., Badding, J. V. &
Sofo, J. O. Transport coefficients from first-principles calculations. _Phys.
Rev. B_ **68** , 125210 (2003).

    *       * [CAS](http://chemport.cas.org/cgi-bin/sdcgi?APP=ftslink&action=reflink&origin=npg&version=1.0&coi=1:CAS:528:DC%2BD3sXotVOmur0%3D&md5=3772949ad792b2979aec7153e8ecc2e8)
      * [Article](https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevB.68.125210)
      * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Transport%20coefficients%20from%20first-principles%20calculations&author=Scheidemantel%2CT.%20J.&author=Ambrosch-Draxl%2CC.&author=Thonhauser%2CT.&author=Badding%2CJ.%20V.&author=Sofo%2CJ.%20O.&journal=Phys.%20Rev.%20B&volume=68&publication_year=2003)
  4. 4.

Madsen, G. K. & Singh, D. J. Boltztrap. a code for calculating band-structure
dependent quantities. _Computer Physics Communications_ **175** , 67–71
(2006).

    *       * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Boltztrap.%20a%20code%20for%20calculating%20band-structure%20dependent%20quantities&author=Madsen%2CG.%20K.&author=Singh%2CD.%20J.&journal=Computer%20Physics%20Communications&volume=175&pages=67-71&publication_year=2006)
  5. 5.

Curtarolo, S. _et al._ The high-throughput highway to computational materials
design. _Nat Mater_ **12** , 191–201 (2013).

    *       * [CAS](http://chemport.cas.org/cgi-bin/sdcgi?APP=ftslink&action=reflink&origin=npg&version=1.0&coi=1:CAS:528:DC%2BC3sXislWju7c%3D&md5=64fb651b50b1df19db86ab744fb7af38)
      * [PubMed](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/entrez/query.fcgi?holding=npg&cmd=Retrieve&db=PubMed&list_uids=23422720&dopt=Abstract)
      * [Article](https://doi.org/10.1038/nmat3568)
      * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=The%20high-throughput%20highway%20to%20computational%20materials%20design&author=Curtarolo%2CS.&journal=Nat%20Mater&volume=12&pages=191-201&publication_year=2013)
  6. 6.

Greeley, J., Jaramillo, T. F., Bonde, J., Chorkendorff, I. & Norskov, J. K.
Computational high-throughput screening of electrocatalytic materials for
hydrogen evolution. _Nat Mater_ **5** , 909–913 (2006).

    *       * [CAS](http://chemport.cas.org/cgi-bin/sdcgi?APP=ftslink&action=reflink&origin=npg&version=1.0&coi=1:CAS:528:DC%2BD28XhtFCqu73N&md5=98fd0673168d43a223f129f42a35a35e)
      * [PubMed](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/entrez/query.fcgi?holding=npg&cmd=Retrieve&db=PubMed&list_uids=17041585&dopt=Abstract)
      * [Article](https://doi.org/10.1038/nmat1752)
      * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Computational%20high-throughput%20screening%20of%20electrocatalytic%20materials%20for%20hydrogen%20evolution&author=Greeley%2CJ.&author=Jaramillo%2CT.%20F.&author=Bonde%2CJ.&author=Chorkendorff%2CI.&author=Norskov%2CJ.%20K.&journal=Nat%20Mater&volume=5&pages=909-913&publication_year=2006)
  7. 7.

Bhattacharya, S., Chmielowski, R., Dennler, G. & Madsen, G. K. H. Novel
ternary sulfide thermoelectric materials from high throughput transport and
defect calculations. _J. Mater. Chem. A_ **4** , 11086–11093 (2016).

    *       * [Article](https://doi.org/10.1039/C6TA04104C)
      * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Novel%20ternary%20sulfide%20thermoelectric%20materials%20from%20high%20throughput%20transport%20and%20defect%20calculations&author=Bhattacharya%2CS.&author=Chmielowski%2CR.&author=Dennler%2CG.&author=Madsen%2CG.%20K.%20H.&journal=J.%20Mater.%20Chem.%20A&volume=4&pages=11086-11093&publication_year=2016)
  8. 8.

Hautier, G. _et al._ Novel mixed polyanions lithium-ion battery cathode
materials predicted by high-throughput ab initio computations. _J. Mater.
Chem._ **21** , 17147–17153 (2011).

    *       * [CAS](http://chemport.cas.org/cgi-bin/sdcgi?APP=ftslink&action=reflink&origin=npg&version=1.0&coi=1:CAS:528:DC%2BC3MXhtlKgtLrI&md5=dfaa5ab0e8f02eeb69eec6b0c8d26851)
      * [Article](https://doi.org/10.1039/c1jm12216a)
      * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Novel%20mixed%20polyanions%20lithium-ion%20battery%20cathode%20materials%20predicted%20by%20high-throughput%20ab%20initio%20computations&author=Hautier%2CG.&journal=J.%20Mater.%20Chem.&volume=21&pages=17147-17153&publication_year=2011)
  9. 9.

Jain, A., Shin, Y. & Persson, K. A. Computational predictions of energy
materials using density functional theory. _Nature Reviews Materials_ **1** ,
15004 (2016).

    *       * [Article](https://doi.org/10.1038/natrevmats.2015.4)
      * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Computational%20predictions%20of%20energy%20materials%20using%20density%20functional%20theory&author=Jain%2CA.&author=Shin%2CY.&author=Persson%2CK.%20A.&journal=Nature%20Reviews%20Materials&volume=1&publication_year=2016)
  10. 10.

Hautier, G., Jain, A. & Ong, S. P. From the computer to the laboratory:
materials discovery and design using first-principles calculations. _Journal
of Materials Science_ **47** , 7317–7340 (2012).

    *       * [Article](https://doi.org/10.1007/s10853-012-6424-0)
      * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=From%20the%20computer%20to%20the%20laboratory%3A%20materials%20discovery%20and%20design%20using%20first-principles%20calculations&author=Hautier%2CG.&author=Jain%2CA.&author=Ong%2CS.%20P.&journal=Journal%20of%20Materials%20Science&volume=47&pages=7317-7340&publication_year=2012)
  11. 11.

Carrete, J., Li, W., Mingo, N., Wang, S. & Curtarolo, S. Finding
unprecedentedly low-thermal-conductivity half-heusler semiconductors via high-
throughput materials modeling. _Phys. Rev. X_ **4** , 011019 (2014).

    *       * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Finding%20unprecedentedly%20low-thermal-conductivity%20half-heusler%20semiconductors%20via%20high-throughput%20materials%20modeling&author=Carrete%2CJ.&author=Li%2CW.&author=Mingo%2CN.&author=Wang%2CS.&author=Curtarolo%2CS.&journal=Phys.%20Rev.%20X&volume=4&publication_year=2014)
  12. 12.

Hautier, G. _et al._ Phosphates as lithium-ion battery cathodes: An evaluation
based on high-throughput ab initio calculations. _Chemistry of Materials_
**23** , 3495–3508 (2011).

    *       * [CAS](http://chemport.cas.org/cgi-bin/sdcgi?APP=ftslink&action=reflink&origin=npg&version=1.0&coi=1:CAS:528:DC%2BC3MXovVKrur0%3D&md5=c7cbad501145165beace1162984acf01)
      * [Article](https://doi.org/10.1021/cm200949v)
      * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Phosphates%20as%20lithium-ion%20battery%20cathodes%3A%20An%20evaluation%20based%20on%20high-throughput%20ab%20initio%20calculations&author=Hautier%2CG.&journal=Chemistry%20of%20Materials&volume=23&pages=3495-3508&publication_year=2011)
  13. 13.

Jain, A., Hautier, G., Ong, S. P. & Persson, K. New opportunities for
materials informatics: Resources and data mining techniques for uncovering
hidden relationships. _Journal of Materials Research_ **31** , 977–994 (2016).

    *       * [Article](https://doi.org/10.1557/jmr.2016.80)
      * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=New%20opportunities%20for%20materials%20informatics%3A%20Resources%20and%20data%20mining%20techniques%20for%20uncovering%20hidden%20relationships&author=Jain%2CA.&author=Hautier%2CG.&author=Ong%2CS.%20P.&author=Persson%2CK.&journal=Journal%20of%20Materials%20Research&volume=31&pages=977-994&publication_year=2016)
  14. 14.

Jain, A., Hautier, G., Ong, S. P., Dacek, S. & Ceder, G. Relating voltage and
thermal safety in li-ion battery cathodes: a high-throughput computational
study. _Phys. Chem. Chem. Phys._ **17** , 5942–5953 (2015).

    *       * [CAS](http://chemport.cas.org/cgi-bin/sdcgi?APP=ftslink&action=reflink&origin=npg&version=1.0&coi=1:CAS:528:DC%2BC2MXhvVCit70%3D&md5=52b34a2b6a6a50fa08e14e56c628483d)
      * [PubMed](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/entrez/query.fcgi?holding=npg&cmd=Retrieve&db=PubMed&list_uids=25636088&dopt=Abstract)
      * [Article](https://doi.org/10.1039/C5CP00250H)
      * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Relating%20voltage%20and%20thermal%20safety%20in%20li-ion%20battery%20cathodes%3A%20a%20high-throughput%20computational%20study&author=Jain%2CA.&author=Hautier%2CG.&author=Ong%2CS.%20P.&author=Dacek%2CS.&author=Ceder%2CG.&journal=Phys.%20Chem.%20Chem.%20Phys.&volume=17&pages=5942-5953&publication_year=2015)
  15. 15.

Jain, A., Persson, K. A. & Ceder, G. Research update: The materials genome
initiative: Data sharing and the impact of collaborative ab initio databases.
_APL Mater_ **4** , 053102 (2016).

    *       * [Article](https://doi.org/10.1063/1.4944683)
      * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Research%20update%3A%20The%20materials%20genome%20initiative%3A%20Data%20sharing%20and%20the%20impact%20of%20collaborative%20ab%20initio%20databases&author=Jain%2CA.&author=Persson%2CK.%20A.&author=Ceder%2CG.&journal=APL%20Mater&volume=4&publication_year=2016)
  16. 16.

The materials project. <https://materialsproject.org/>.

    *       * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?)
  17. 17.

Jain, A. _et al._ Commentary: The materials project: A materials genome
approach to accelerating materials innovation. _APL Mater_ **1** , 011002
(2013).

    *       * [CAS](http://chemport.cas.org/cgi-bin/sdcgi?APP=ftslink&action=reflink&origin=npg&version=1.0&coi=1:CAS:528:DC%2BC3sXhtlyktLjF&md5=ee10ac33d4d121aea486acd0cd559c70)
      * [Article](https://doi.org/10.1063/1.4812323)
      * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Commentary%3A%20The%20materials%20project%3A%20A%20materials%20genome%20approach%20to%20accelerating%20materials%20innovation&author=Jain%2CA.&journal=APL%20Mater&volume=1&publication_year=2013)
  18. 18.

Saal, J. E., Kirklin, S., Aykol, M., Meredig, B. & Wolverton, C. Materials
design and discovery with high-throughput density functional theory: The open
quantum materials database (oqmd). _JOM_ **65** , 1501–1509 (2013).

    *       * [CAS](http://chemport.cas.org/cgi-bin/sdcgi?APP=ftslink&action=reflink&origin=npg&version=1.0&coi=1:CAS:528:DC%2BC3sXhsFentbzK&md5=f38eaf0d8f1b9a6b10829adfca3bc741)
      * [Article](https://doi.org/10.1007/s11837-013-0755-4)
      * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Materials%20design%20and%20discovery%20with%20high-throughput%20density%20functional%20theory%3A%20The%20open%20quantum%20materials%20database%20\(oqmd\)&author=Saal%2CJ.%20E.&author=Kirklin%2CS.&author=Aykol%2CM.&author=Meredig%2CB.&author=Wolverton%2CC.&journal=JOM&volume=65&pages=1501-1509&publication_year=2013)
  19. 19.

Setyawan, W. & Curtarolo, S. High-throughput electronic band structure
calculations: Challenges and tools. _Computational Materials Science_ **49** ,
299–312 (2010).

    *       * [Article](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.commatsci.2010.05.010)
      * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=High-throughput%20electronic%20band%20structure%20calculations%3A%20Challenges%20and%20tools&author=Setyawan%2CW.&author=Curtarolo%2CS.&journal=Computational%20Materials%20Science&volume=49&pages=299-312&publication_year=2010)
  20. 20.

Nomad repository. <http://nomad-repository.eu>.

    *       * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?)
  21. 21.

Hachmann, J. _et al._ The harvard clean energy project: Large-scale
computational screening and design of organic photovoltaics on the world
community grid. _The Journal of Physical Chemistry Letters_ **2** , 2241–2251
(2011).

    *       * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=The%20harvard%20clean%20energy%20project%3A%20Large-scale%20computational%20screening%20and%20design%20of%20organic%20photovoltaics%20on%20the%20world%20community%20grid&author=Hachmann%2CJ.&journal=The%20Journal%20of%20Physical%20Chemistry%20Letters&volume=2&pages=2241-2251&publication_year=2011)
  22. 22.

Madsen, G. K. H. Automated search for new thermoelectric materials: The case
of liznsb. _Journal of the American Chemical Society_ **128** , 12140–12146
(2006).

    *       * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Automated%20search%20for%20new%20thermoelectric%20materials%3A%20The%20case%20of%20liznsb&author=Madsen%2CG.%20K.%20H.&journal=Journal%20of%20the%20American%20Chemical%20Society&volume=128&pages=12140-12146&publication_year=2006)
  23. 23.

Chen, W. _et al._ Understanding thermoelectric properties from high-throughput
calculations: trends, insights, and comparisons with experiment. _J. Mater.
Chem. C_ **4** , 4414–4426 (2016).

    *       * [Article](https://doi.org/10.1039/C5TC04339E)
      * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Understanding%20thermoelectric%20properties%20from%20high-throughput%20calculations%3A%20trends%2C%20insights%2C%20and%20comparisons%20with%20experiment&author=Chen%2CW.&journal=J.%20Mater.%20Chem.%20C&volume=4&pages=4414-4426&publication_year=2016)
  24. 24.

Bhattacharya, S. & Madsen, G. K. H. High-throughput exploration of alloying as
design strategy for thermoelectrics. _Phys. Rev. B_ **92** , 085205 (2015).

    *       * [CAS](http://chemport.cas.org/cgi-bin/sdcgi?APP=ftslink&action=reflink&origin=npg&version=1.0&coi=1:CAS:528:DC%2BC28XivVOmsrg%3D&md5=2576d7a37e714dd9ffdbac52d3a0272f)
      * [Article](https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevB.92.085205)
      * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=High-throughput%20exploration%20of%20alloying%20as%20design%20strategy%20for%20thermoelectrics&author=Bhattacharya%2CS.&author=Madsen%2CG.%20K.%20H.&journal=Phys.%20Rev.%20B&volume=92&publication_year=2015)
  25. 25.

Zhang, J. _et al._ Designing high-performance layered thermoelectric materials
through orbital engineering. _Nature Communications_ **7** , 10892 (2016).

    *       * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Designing%20high-performance%20layered%20thermoelectric%20materials%20through%20orbital%20engineering&author=Zhang%2CJ.&journal=Nature%20Communications&volume=7&publication_year=2016)
  26. 26.

Opahle, I., Parma, A., McEniry, E. J., Drautz, R. & Madsen, G. K. High-
throughput study of the structural stability and thermoelectric properties of
transition metal silicides. _New Journal of Physics_ **15** , 105010 (2013).

    *       * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=High-throughput%20study%20of%20the%20structural%20stability%20and%20thermoelectric%20properties%20of%20transition%20metal%20silicides&author=Opahle%2CI.&author=Parma%2CA.&author=McEniry%2CE.%20J.&author=Drautz%2CR.&author=Madsen%2CG.%20K.&journal=New%20Journal%20of%20Physics&volume=15&publication_year=2013)
  27. 27.

Hautier, G., Miglio, A., Ceder, G., Rignanese, G.-M. & Gonze, X.
Identification and design principles of low hole effective mass p-type
transparent conducting oxides. _Nature Communications_ **4** , 2292 (2013).

    *       * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Identification%20and%20design%20principles%20of%20low%20hole%20effective%20mass%20p-type%20transparent%20conducting%20oxides&author=Hautier%2CG.&author=Miglio%2CA.&author=Ceder%2CG.&author=Rignanese%2CG.-M.&author=Gonze%2CX.&journal=Nature%20Communications&volume=4&publication_year=2013)
  28. 28.

Gibbs, Z. M. _et al._ Effective mass and fermi surface complexity factor from
ab initio band structure calculations. _npj Computational Materials_ **3** , 8
(2017).

    *       * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Effective%20mass%20and%20fermi%20surface%20complexity%20factor%20from%20ab%20initio%20band%20structure%20calculations&author=Gibbs%2CZ.%20M.&journal=npj%20Computational%20Materials&volume=3&publication_year=2017)
  29. 29.

de Jong, M. _et al._ Charting the complete elastic properties of inorganic
crystalline compounds. _Scientific Data_ **2** , 150009 (2015).

    *       * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Charting%20the%20complete%20elastic%20properties%20of%20inorganic%20crystalline%20compounds&author=de%20Jong%2CM.&journal=Scientific%20Data&volume=2&publication_year=2015)
  30. 30.

de Jong, M., Chen, W., Geerlings, H., Asta, M. & Persson, K. A. A database to
enable discovery and design of piezoelectric materials. _Scientific Data_
**2** , 150053 (2015).

    *       * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=A%20database%20to%20enable%20discovery%20and%20design%20of%20piezoelectric%20materials&author=de%20Jong%2CM.&author=Chen%2CW.&author=Geerlings%2CH.&author=Asta%2CM.&author=Persson%2CK.%20A.&journal=Scientific%20Data&volume=2&publication_year=2015)
  31. 31.

Hurd, C.. _The Hall Effect in Metals and Alloys_ ( Springer US, 1972).

    *       * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&author=Hurd%2CC.&journal=The%20Hall%20Effect%20in%20Metals%20and%20Alloys&publication_year=1972)
  32. 32.

Laflamme Janssen, J. _et al._ Precise effective masses from density functional
perturbation theory. _Phys. Rev. B_ **93** , 205147 (2016).

    *       * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Precise%20effective%20masses%20from%20density%20functional%20perturbation%20theory&author=Laflamme%20Janssen%2CJ.&journal=Phys.%20Rev.%20B&volume=93&publication_year=2016)
  33. 33.

Hautier, G., Miglio, A., Waroquiers, D., Rignanese, G.-M. & Gonze, X. How does
chemistry influence electron effective mass in oxides? a high-throughput
computational analysis. _Chemistry of Materials_ **26** , 5447–5458 (2014).

    *       * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=How%20does%20chemistry%20influence%20electron%20effective%20mass%20in%20oxides%3F%20a%20high-throughput%20computational%20analysis&author=Hautier%2CG.&author=Miglio%2CA.&author=Waroquiers%2CD.&author=Rignanese%2CG.-M.&author=Gonze%2CX.&journal=Chemistry%20of%20Materials&volume=26&pages=5447-5458&publication_year=2014)
  34. 34.

Bhatia, A. _et al._ High-mobility bismuth-based transparent p-type oxide from
high-throughput material screening. _Chemistry of Materials_ **28** , 30–34
(2016).

    *       * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=High-mobility%20bismuth-based%20transparent%20p-type%20oxide%20from%20high-throughput%20material%20screening&author=Bhatia%2CA.&journal=Chemistry%20of%20Materials&volume=28&pages=30-34&publication_year=2016)
  35. 35.

Varley, J. B. _et al._ High-throughput design of non-oxide p-type transparent
conducting materials: Data mining, search strategy, and identification of
boron phosphide. _Chemistry of Materials_ **29** , 2568–2573 (2017).

    *       * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=High-throughput%20design%20of%20non-oxide%20p-type%20transparent%20conducting%20materials%3A%20Data%20mining%2C%20search%20strategy%2C%20and%20identification%20of%20boron%20phosphide&author=Varley%2CJ.%20B.&journal=Chemistry%20of%20Materials&volume=29&pages=2568-2573&publication_year=2017)
  36. 36.

Shankland, D. G. _Computational Methods in Band Theory_ , 362 (Plenum, 1971).

    *       * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&author=Shankland%2CD.%20G&journal=Computational%20Methods%20in%20Band%20Theory&publication_year=1971)
  37. 37.

Koelling, D. & Wood, J. On the interpolation of eigenvalues and a resultant
integration scheme. _Journal of Computational Physics_ **67** , 253–262
(1986).

    *       * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=On%20the%20interpolation%20of%20eigenvalues%20and%20a%20resultant%20integration%20scheme&author=Koelling%2CD.&author=Wood%2CJ.&journal=Journal%20of%20Computational%20Physics&volume=67&pages=253-262&publication_year=1986)
  38. 38.

Pickett, W. E., Krakauer, H. & Allen, P. B. Smooth fourier interpolation of
periodic functions. _Phys. Rev. B_ **38** , 2721–2726 (1988).

    *       * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Smooth%20fourier%20interpolation%20of%20periodic%20functions&author=Pickett%2CW.%20E.&author=Krakauer%2CH.&author=Allen%2CP.%20B.&journal=Phys.%20Rev.%20B&volume=38&pages=2721-2726&publication_year=1988)
  39. 39.

Allen, P. B., Pickett, W. E. & Krakauer, H. Anisotropic normal-state transport
properties predicted and analyzed for high- _T_ _c_ oxide superconductors.
_Phys. Rev. B_ **37** , 7482–7490 (1988).

    *       * [CAS](http://chemport.cas.org/cgi-bin/sdcgi?APP=ftslink&action=reflink&origin=npg&version=1.0&coi=1:CAS:528:DyaL1cXltVakurw%3D&md5=dbd5461d74f21f9a610a8f5b78f105d1)
      * [Article](https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevB.37.7482)
      * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Anisotropic%20normal-state%20transport%20properties%20predicted%20and%20analyzed%20for%20high-Tc%20oxide%20superconductors&author=Allen%2CP.%20B.&author=Pickett%2CW.%20E.&author=Krakauer%2CH.&journal=Phys.%20Rev.%20B&volume=37&pages=7482-7490&publication_year=1988)
  40. 40.

Singh, D. J. & Mazin, I. I. Calculated thermoelectric properties of la-filled
skutterudites. _Phys. Rev. B_ **56** , R1650–R1653 (1997).

    *       * [CAS](http://chemport.cas.org/cgi-bin/sdcgi?APP=ftslink&action=reflink&origin=npg&version=1.0&coi=1:CAS:528:DyaK2sXkvFCrsbk%3D&md5=5e811c6e5e799c47be0c70b7efca8cd7)
      * [Article](https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevB.56.R1650)
      * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Calculated%20thermoelectric%20properties%20of%20la-filled%20skutterudites&author=Singh%2CD.%20J.&author=Mazin%2CI.%20I.&journal=Phys.%20Rev.%20B&volume=56&pages=R1650-R1653&publication_year=1997)
  41. 41.

Zhu, H., Sun, W., Armiento, R., Lazic, P. & Ceder, G. Band structure
engineering through orbital interaction for enhanced thermoelectric power
factor. _Applied Physics Letters_ **104** , 082107 (2014).

    *       * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Band%20structure%20engineering%20through%20orbital%20interaction%20for%20enhanced%20thermoelectric%20power%20factor&author=Zhu%2CH.&author=Sun%2CW.&author=Armiento%2CR.&author=Lazic%2CP.&author=Ceder%2CG.&journal=Applied%20Physics%20Letters&volume=104&publication_year=2014)
  42. 42.

Ong, K. P., Singh, D. J. & Wu, P. Analysis of the thermoelectric properties of
_n_ -type zno. _Phys. Rev. B_ **83** , 115110 (2011).

    *       * [CAS](http://chemport.cas.org/cgi-bin/sdcgi?APP=ftslink&action=reflink&origin=npg&version=1.0&coi=1:CAS:528:DC%2BC3MXkt1Kgu70%3D&md5=75d16419c97a9a99a5287d69438f8262)
      * [Article](https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevB.83.115110)
      * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Analysis%20of%20the%20thermoelectric%20properties%20of%20n-type%20zno&author=Ong%2CK.%20P.&author=Singh%2CD.%20J.&author=Wu%2CP.&journal=Phys.%20Rev.%20B&volume=83&publication_year=2011)
  43. 43.

Zhu, H. _et al._ Computational and experimental investigation of TmAgTe2 and
XYZ2 compounds, a new group of thermoelectric materials identified by first-
principles high-throughput screening. _J. Mater. Chem. C_ **3** , 10554–10565
(2015).

    *       * [Article](https://doi.org/10.1039/C5TC01440A)
      * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Computational%20and%20experimental%20investigation%20of%20TmAgTe2%20and%20XYZ2%20compounds%2C%20a%20new%20group%20of%20thermoelectric%20materials%20identified%20by%20first-principles%20high-throughput%20screening&author=Zhu%2CH.&journal=J.%20Mater.%20Chem.%20C&volume=3&pages=10554-10565&publication_year=2015)
  44. 44.

Aydemir, U. _et al._ YCuTe2: a member of a new class of thermoelectric
materials with CuTe4-based layered structure. _J. Mater. Chem. A_ **4** ,
2461–2472 (2016).

    *       * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=YCuTe2%3A%20a%20member%20of%20a%20new%20class%20of%20thermoelectric%20materials%20with%20CuTe4-based%20layered%20structure&author=Aydemir%2CU.&journal=J.%20Mater.%20Chem.%20A&volume=4&pages=2461-2472&publication_year=2016)
  45. 45.

Madsen, G. K. H., Schwarz, K., Blaha, P. & Singh, D. J. Electronic structure
and transport in type-I and type-VIII clathrates containing strontium, barium,
and europium. _Phys. Rev. B_ **68** , 125212 (2003).

    *       * [CAS](http://chemport.cas.org/cgi-bin/sdcgi?APP=ftslink&action=reflink&origin=npg&version=1.0&coi=1:CAS:528:DC%2BD3sXotVOlsrc%3D&md5=9def6ce7682f7601d6c700709518eb7d)
      * [Article](https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevB.68.125212)
      * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Electronic%20structure%20and%20transport%20in%20type-I%20and%20type-VIII%20clathrates%20containing%20strontium%2C%20barium%2C%20and%20europium&author=Madsen%2CG.%20K.%20H.&author=Schwarz%2CK.&author=Blaha%2CP.&author=Singh%2CD.%20J.&journal=Phys.%20Rev.%20B&volume=68&publication_year=2003)
  46. 46.

Bentien, A., Pacheco, V., Paschen, S., Grin, Y. & Steglich, F. Transport
properties of composition tuned _α_ \- and _β_ -Eu8Ga16− _x_ Ge30+ _x_. _Phys.
Rev. B_ **71** , 165206 (2005).

    *       * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Transport%20properties%20of%20composition%20tuned%20%CE%B1-%20and%20%CE%B2-Eu8Ga16%E2%88%92xGe30%2Bx&author=Bentien%2CA.&author=Pacheco%2CV.&author=Paschen%2CS.&author=Grin%2CY.&author=Steglich%2CF.&journal=Phys.%20Rev.%20B&volume=71&publication_year=2005)
  47. 47.

Pacheco, V. _et al._ Relationship between composition and charge carrier
concentration in Eu8Ga16− _x_ Ge30+ _x_ clathrates. _Phys. Rev. B_ **71** ,
165205 (2005).

    *       * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Relationship%20between%20composition%20and%20charge%20carrier%20concentration%20in%20Eu8Ga16%E2%88%92xGe30%2Bx%20clathrates&author=Pacheco%2CV.&journal=Phys.%20Rev.%20B&volume=71&publication_year=2005)
  48. 48.

Pizzi, G., Volja, D., Kozinsky, B., Fornari, M. & Marzari, N. Boltzwann: A
code for the evaluation of thermoelectric and electronic transport properties
with a maximally-localized wannier functions basis. _Computer Physics
Communications_ **185** , 422–429 (2014).

    *       * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Boltzwann%3A%20A%20code%20for%20the%20evaluation%20of%20thermoelectric%20and%20electronic%20transport%20properties%20with%20a%20maximally-localized%20wannier%20functions%20basis&author=Pizzi%2CG.&author=Volja%2CD.&author=Kozinsky%2CB.&author=Fornari%2CM.&author=Marzari%2CN.&journal=Computer%20Physics%20Communications&volume=185&pages=422-429&publication_year=2014)
  49. 49.

Marzari, N. & Vanderbilt, D. Maximally localized generalized wannier functions
for composite energy bands. _Phys. Rev. B_ **56** , 12847–12865 (1997).

    *       * [CAS](http://chemport.cas.org/cgi-bin/sdcgi?APP=ftslink&action=reflink&origin=npg&version=1.0&coi=1:CAS:528:DyaK2sXnsFegtLY%3D&md5=fafd92219946df5b613343e75737a22d)
      * [Article](https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevB.56.12847)
      * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Maximally%20localized%20generalized%20wannier%20functions%20for%20composite%20energy%20bands&author=Marzari%2CN.&author=Vanderbilt%2CD.&journal=Phys.%20Rev.%20B&volume=56&pages=12847-12865&publication_year=1997)
  50. 50.

Mustafa, J. I., Coh, S., Cohen, M. L. & Louie, S. G. Automated construction of
maximally localized wannier functions: Optimized projection functions method.
_Phys. Rev. B_ **92** , 165134 (2015).

    *       * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Automated%20construction%20of%20maximally%20localized%20wannier%20functions%3A%20Optimized%20projection%20functions%20method&author=Mustafa%2CJ.%20I.&author=Coh%2CS.&author=Cohen%2CM.%20L.&author=Louie%2CS.%20G.&journal=Phys.%20Rev.%20B&volume=92&publication_year=2015)
  51. 51.

Jain, A. _et al._ A high-throughput infrastructure for density functional
theory calculations. _Computational Materials Science_ **50** , 2295–2310
(2011).

    *       * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=A%20high-throughput%20infrastructure%20for%20density%20functional%20theory%20calculations&author=Jain%2CA.&journal=Computational%20Materials%20Science&volume=50&pages=2295-2310&publication_year=2011)
  52. 52.

The materials project wiki page.
<http://materialsproject.org/wiki/index.php/Calculations_Wiki>.

    *       * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?)
  53. 53.

Kresse, G. & Hafner, J. _Ab initio_ molecular dynamics for liquid metals.
_Phys. Rev. B_ **47** , 558–561 (1993).

    *       * [CAS](http://chemport.cas.org/cgi-bin/sdcgi?APP=ftslink&action=reflink&origin=npg&version=1.0&coi=1:CAS:528:DyaK3sXlt1Gnsr0%3D&md5=df02d672f5c05f500fe501675821f460)
      * [Article](https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevB.47.558)
      * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Ab%20initio%20molecular%20dynamics%20for%20liquid%20metals&author=Kresse%2CG.&author=Hafner%2CJ.&journal=Phys.%20Rev.%20B&volume=47&pages=558-561&publication_year=1993)
  54. 54.

Kresse, G. & Furthmüller, J. Efficient iterative schemes for _ab initio_
total-energy calculations using a plane-wave basis set. _Phys. Rev. B_ **54**
, 11169–11186 (1996).

    *       * [CAS](http://chemport.cas.org/cgi-bin/sdcgi?APP=ftslink&action=reflink&origin=npg&version=1.0&coi=1:CAS:528:DyaK28Xms1Whu7Y%3D&md5=8b32cde52bf64f83fb20b92f3758a6c5)
      * [Article](https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevB.54.11169)
      * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Efficient%20iterative%20schemes%20for%20ab%20initio%20total-energy%20calculations%20using%20a%20plane-wave%20basis%20set&author=Kresse%2CG.&author=Furthm%C3%BCller%2CJ.&journal=Phys.%20Rev.%20B&volume=54&pages=11169-11186&publication_year=1996)
  55. 55.

Perdew, J. P., Burke, K. & Ernzerhof, M. Generalized gradient approximation
made simple. _Phys. Rev. Lett._ **77** , 3865–3868 (1996).

    *       * [CAS](http://chemport.cas.org/cgi-bin/sdcgi?APP=ftslink&action=reflink&origin=npg&version=1.0&coi=1:CAS:528:DyaK28XmsVCgsbs%3D&md5=af75e50e0a6ceefdad4df9481ff47822)
      * [PubMed](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/entrez/query.fcgi?holding=npg&cmd=Retrieve&db=PubMed&list_uids=10062328&dopt=Abstract)
      * [Article](https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevLett.77.3865)
      * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Generalized%20gradient%20approximation%20made%20simple&author=Perdew%2CJ.%20P.&author=Burke%2CK.&author=Ernzerhof%2CM.&journal=Phys.%20Rev.%20Lett.&volume=77&pages=3865-3868&publication_year=1996)
  56. 56.

Blöchl, P. E. Projector augmented-wave method. _Phys. Rev. B_ **50** ,
17953–17979 (1994).

    *       * [CAS](http://chemport.cas.org/cgi-bin/sdcgi?APP=ftslink&action=reflink&origin=npg&version=1.0&coi=1:CAS:528:DyaK2MXivFKisLk%3D&md5=edf75f47d7ee4fcb51b42838af3bfc75)
      * [Article](https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevB.50.17953)
      * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Projector%20augmented-wave%20method&author=Bl%C3%B6chl%2CP.%20E.&journal=Phys.%20Rev.%20B&volume=50&pages=17953-17979&publication_year=1994)
  57. 57.

Kresse, G. & Joubert, D. From ultrasoft pseudopotentials to the projector
augmented-wave method. _Phys. Rev. B_ **59** , 1758–1775 (1999).

    *       * [CAS](http://chemport.cas.org/cgi-bin/sdcgi?APP=ftslink&action=reflink&origin=npg&version=1.0&coi=1:CAS:528:DyaK1MXkt12nug%3D%3D&md5=3c1af62431ef70abef4c5bd3e78b8553)
      * [Article](https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevB.59.1758)
      * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=From%20ultrasoft%20pseudopotentials%20to%20the%20projector%20augmented-wave%20method&author=Kresse%2CG.&author=Joubert%2CD.&journal=Phys.%20Rev.%20B&volume=59&pages=1758-1775&publication_year=1999)
  58. 58.

Anisimov, V. I., Zaanen, J. & Andersen, O. K. Band theory and mott insulators:
Hubbard _U_ instead of stoner _I_. _Phys. Rev. B_ **44** , 943–954 (1991).

    *       * [CAS](http://chemport.cas.org/cgi-bin/sdcgi?APP=ftslink&action=reflink&origin=npg&version=1.0&coi=1:CAS:528:DyaK3MXkvVaqsLs%3D&md5=ef8ad954e82f31ab58ab3f33662b8d3f)
      * [Article](https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevB.44.943)
      * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Band%20theory%20and%20mott%20insulators%3A%20Hubbard%20U%20instead%20of%20stoner%20I&author=Anisimov%2CV.%20I.&author=Zaanen%2CJ.&author=Andersen%2CO.%20K.&journal=Phys.%20Rev.%20B&volume=44&pages=943-954&publication_year=1991)
  59. 59.

Dudarev, S. L., Botton, G. A., Savrasov, S. Y., Humphreys, C. J. & Sutton, A.
P. Electron-energy-loss spectra and the structural stability of nickel oxide:
An lsda+u study. _Phys. Rev. B_ **57** , 1505–1509 (1998).

    *       * [CAS](http://chemport.cas.org/cgi-bin/sdcgi?APP=ftslink&action=reflink&origin=npg&version=1.0&coi=1:CAS:528:DyaK1cXlsVarsQ%3D%3D&md5=7b5de5cad5fbb78df753484c61c11420)
      * [Article](https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevB.57.1505)
      * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Electron-energy-loss%20spectra%20and%20the%20structural%20stability%20of%20nickel%20oxide%3A%20An%20lsda%2Bu%20study&author=Dudarev%2CS.%20L.&author=Botton%2CG.%20A.&author=Savrasov%2CS.%20Y.&author=Humphreys%2CC.%20J.&author=Sutton%2CA.%20P.&journal=Phys.%20Rev.%20B&volume=57&pages=1505-1509&publication_year=1998)
  60. 60.

Belsky, A., Hellenbrandt, M., Karen, V. L. & Luksch, P. New developments in
the Inorganic Crystal Structure Database (ICSD): accessibility in support of
materials research and design. _Acta Crystallographica Section B_ **58** ,
364–369 (2002).

    *       * [Article](https://doi.org/10.1107/S0108768102006948)
      * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=New%20developments%20in%20the%20Inorganic%20Crystal%20Structure%20Database%20\(ICSD\)%3A%20accessibility%20in%20support%20of%20materials%20research%20and%20design&author=Belsky%2CA.&author=Hellenbrandt%2CM.&author=Karen%2CV.%20L.&author=Luksch%2CP.&journal=Acta%20Crystallographica%20Section%20B&volume=58&pages=364-369&publication_year=2002)
  61. 61.

Bergerhoff, G., Hundt, R., Sievers, R. & Brown, I. D. The inorganic crystal
structure data base. _Journal of Chemical Information and Computer Sciences_
**23** , 66–69 (1983).

    *       * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=The%20inorganic%20crystal%20structure%20data%20base&author=Bergerhoff%2CG.&author=Hundt%2CR.&author=Sievers%2CR.&author=Brown%2CI.%20D.&journal=Journal%20of%20Chemical%20Information%20and%20Computer%20Sciences&volume=23&pages=66-69&publication_year=1983)
  62. 62.

Mahan, G. D. _Intern. Tables for Crystall. D_ **Vol. 1** , Chap. 8 220–227
(Cambridge University Press, 2006).

    *       * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&author=Mahan%2CG.%20D&journal=Intern.%20Tables%20for%20Crystall.%20D&volume=Vol.%201&pages=220-227&publication_year=2006)
  63. 63.

Delugas, P. _et al._ Doping-induced dimensional crossover and thermopower
burst in nb-doped srtio3 superlattices. _Phys. Rev. B_ **88** , 045310 (2013).

    *       * [CAS](http://chemport.cas.org/cgi-bin/sdcgi?APP=ftslink&action=reflink&origin=npg&version=1.0&coi=1:CAS:528:DC%2BC3sXhtl2lsb3F&md5=85c50f699ed47118cc8619cc8ec1d502)
      * [Article](https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevB.88.045310)
      * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Doping-induced%20dimensional%20crossover%20and%20thermopower%20burst%20in%20nb-doped%20srtio3%20superlattices&author=Delugas%2CP.&journal=Phys.%20Rev.%20B&volume=88&publication_year=2013)
  64. 64.

Filippetti, A. _et al._ Thermopower in oxide heterostructures: The importance
of being multiple-band conductors. _Phys. Rev. B_ **86** , 195301 (2012).

    *       * [CAS](http://chemport.cas.org/cgi-bin/sdcgi?APP=ftslink&action=reflink&origin=npg&version=1.0&coi=1:CAS:528:DC%2BC3sXltlSitw%3D%3D&md5=4efa2a077082f098975189cc84eb65fb)
      * [Article](https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevB.86.195301)
      * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Thermopower%20in%20oxide%20heterostructures%3A%20The%20importance%20of%20being%20multiple-band%20conductors&author=Filippetti%2CA.&journal=Phys.%20Rev.%20B&volume=86&publication_year=2012)
  65. 65.

Filippetti, A., Fiorentini, V., Ricci, F., Delugas, P. & Íñiguez, J.
Prediction of a native ferroelectric metal. _Nature Communications_ **7** ,
11211 (2016).

    *       * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Prediction%20of%20a%20native%20ferroelectric%20metal&author=Filippetti%2CA.&author=Fiorentini%2CV.&author=Ricci%2CF.&author=Delugas%2CP.&author=%C3%8D%C3%B1iguez%2CJ.&journal=Nature%20Communications&volume=7&publication_year=2016)
  66. 66.

Durczewski, K. & Ausloos, M. Nontrivial behavior of the thermoelectric power:
Electron-electron versus electron-phonon scattering. _Phys. Rev. B_ **61** ,
5303–5310 (2000).

    *       * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Nontrivial%20behavior%20of%20the%20thermoelectric%20power%3A%20Electron-electron%20versus%20electron-phonon%20scattering&author=Durczewski%2CK.&author=Ausloos%2CM.&journal=Phys.%20Rev.%20B&volume=61&pages=5303-5310&publication_year=2000)
  67. 67.

Faghaninia, A., Ager, J. W. & Lo, C. S. _Ab initio_ electronic transport model
with explicit solution to the linearized boltzmann transport equation. _Phys.
Rev. B_ **91** , 235123 (2015).

    *       * [Article](https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevB.91.235123)
      * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Ab%20initio%20electronic%20transport%20model%20with%20explicit%20solution%20to%20the%20linearized%20boltzmann%20transport%20equation&author=Faghaninia%2CA.&author=Ager%2CJ.%20W.&author=Lo%2CC.%20S.&journal=Phys.%20Rev.%20B&volume=91&publication_year=2015)
  68. 68.

Giustino, F., Cohen, M. L. & Louie, S. G. Electron-phonon interaction using
wannier functions. _Phys. Rev. B_ **76** , 165108 (2007).

    *       * [CAS](http://chemport.cas.org/cgi-bin/sdcgi?APP=ftslink&action=reflink&origin=npg&version=1.0&coi=1:CAS:528:DC%2BD2sXht12itL%2FL&md5=270896549c87ff75212c71dc879e3f13)
      * [Article](https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevB.76.165108)
      * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Electron-phonon%20interaction%20using%20wannier%20functions&author=Giustino%2CF.&author=Cohen%2CM.%20L.&author=Louie%2CS.%20G.&journal=Phys.%20Rev.%20B&volume=76&publication_year=2007)
  69. 69.

Xu, B. & Verstraete, M. J. First principles explanation of the positive
seebeck coefficient of lithium. _Phys. Rev. Lett._ **112** , 196603 (2014).

    *       * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=First%20principles%20explanation%20of%20the%20positive%20seebeck%20coefficient%20of%20lithium&author=Xu%2CB.&author=Verstraete%2CM.%20J.&journal=Phys.%20Rev.%20Lett.&volume=112&publication_year=2014)
  70. 70.

Uehara, K. & Tse, J. S. Calculations of transport properties with the
linearized augmented plane-wave method. _Phys. Rev. B_ **61** , 1639–1642
(2000).

    *       * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Calculations%20of%20transport%20properties%20with%20the%20linearized%20augmented%20plane-wave%20method&author=Uehara%2CK.&author=Tse%2CJ.%20S.&journal=Phys.%20Rev.%20B&volume=61&pages=1639-1642&publication_year=2000)
  71. 71.

Jain, A. _et al._ Fireworks: a dynamic workflow system designed for high-
throughput applications. _Concurrency and Computation: Practice and
Experience_ **27** , 5037–5059 (2015).

    *       * [Article](https://doi.org/10.1002/cpe.3505)
      * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Fireworks%3A%20a%20dynamic%20workflow%20system%20designed%20for%20high-throughput%20applications&author=Jain%2CA.&journal=Concurrency%20and%20Computation%3A%20Practice%20and%20Experience&volume=27&pages=5037-5059&publication_year=2015)
  72. 72.

Ong, S. P. _et al._ Python materials genomics (pymatgen): A robust, open-
source python library for materials analysis. _Computational Materials
Science_ **68** , 314–319 (2013).

    *       * [CAS](http://chemport.cas.org/cgi-bin/sdcgi?APP=ftslink&action=reflink&origin=npg&version=1.0&coi=1:CAS:528:DC%2BC3sXhsVGjt7g%3D&md5=fe080aefc9833db731ada66c233a5e70)
      * [Article](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.commatsci.2012.10.028)
      * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Python%20materials%20genomics%20\(pymatgen\)%3A%20A%20robust%2C%20open-source%20python%20library%20for%20materials%20analysis&author=Ong%2CS.%20P.&journal=Computational%20Materials%20Science&volume=68&pages=314-319&publication_year=2013)
  73. 73.

Ong, S. P. _et al._ The materials application programming interface (api): A
simple, flexible and efficient {API} for materials data based on
{REpresentational} state transfer (rest) principles. _Computational Materials
Science_ **97** , 209–215 (2015).

    *       * [Article](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.commatsci.2014.10.037)
      * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=The%20materials%20application%20programming%20interface%20\(api\)%3A%20A%20simple%2C%20flexible%20and%20efficient%20%7BAPI%7D%20for%20materials%20data%20based%20on%20%7BREpresentational%7D%20state%20transfer%20\(rest\)%20principles&author=Ong%2CS.%20P.&journal=Computational%20Materials%20Science&volume=97&pages=209-215&publication_year=2015)
  74. 74.

Fielding, R. T. _Architectural Styles and the Design of Network-based Software
Architectures_ , Ph.D. thesis University of California, Irvine
<http://www.ics.uci.edu/fielding/pubs/dissertation/top.htm> (2000).

    *       * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&author=Fielding%2CR.%20T&journal=Architectural%20Styles%20and%20the%20Design%20of%20Network-based%20Software%20Architectures&publication_year=2000)
  75. 75.

Gaultois, M. W. _et al._ Data-driven review of thermoelectric materials:
Performance and resource considerations. _Chemistry of Materials_ **25** ,
2911–2920 (2013).

    *       * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&title=Data-driven%20review%20of%20thermoelectric%20materials%3A%20Performance%20and%20resource%20considerations&author=Gaultois%2CM.%20W.&journal=Chemistry%20of%20Materials&volume=25&pages=2911-2920&publication_year=2013)
  76. 76.

Mrl, material research laboratory.
<http://www.mrl.ucsb.edu:8080/datamine/about.jsp>.

    *       * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?)
  77. 77.

Landolt-bornstein—group III condensed matter. <http://materials.springer.com>.

    *       * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?)
  78. 78.

May, A. F. & G. J. S. _Introduction to Modeling Thermoelectric Transport at
High Temperatures_ **Vol. 1** , Chap. 11 (CRC Press, 2012).

    *       * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/scholar_lookup?&author=May%2CA.%20F.&author=G.%20J.%20S.&journal=Introduction%20to%20Modeling%20Thermoelectric%20Transport%20at%20High%20Temperatures&volume=Vol.%201&publication_year=2012)

[Download references](/articles/sdata201785-references.ris)

## Data Citations

  1. 1.

Ricci, F. _Dryad digital repository_ <https://doi.org/10.5061/dryad.gn001>
(2017)

## Acknowledgements

This work was intellectually led by the U.S. Department of Energy, Office of
Basic Energy Sciences, Early Career Research Program, which funded A.J.’s
portion of this work. F.R. and G.H. were supported by the F.R.S.-FNRS project
HTBaSE (contract no PDR-T.1071.15). W.C., U.A., and G.J.S. acknowledge funding
from the Materials Project Center, supported by the DOE Basic Energy Sciences
Grant No. EDCBEE. This work made use of resources of the National Energy
Research Scientific Computing Center (NERSC), supported by the Office of Basic
Energy Sciences of the U.S. Department of Energy under Contract No. DE-
AC02-05CH11231. Additional computational resources were provided by the
supercomputing facilities of the Université catholique de Louvain (CISM/UCL),
the Consortium des Equipements de Calcul Intensif en Fédération Wallonie
Bruxelles (CECI) funded by the F.R.S.-FNRS. The authors thank Shyue Ping Ong
for his contributions in maintaining and developing pymatgen which was used
heavily in this work. They also thank Max Wood and Jan-Hendrik Pöhls for
contributing in the review process of the article.

## Author information

## Affiliations

  1. ### Institute of Condensed Matter and Nanosciences (IMCN), Université catholique de Louvain, Chemin des étoiles 8, bte L7.03.01, Louvain-la-Neuve, Belgium

    * Francesco Ricci
    * , Gian-Marco Rignanese
    *  & Geoffroy Hautier
  2. ### Lawrence Berkeley National Lab, 1 Cyclotron Rd, Berkeley, California, USA

    * Wei Chen
    *  & Anubhav Jain
  3. ### Department of Mechanical, Materials and Aerospace Engineering, Illinois Institute of Technology, Chicago, Illinois 60616, USA

    * Wei Chen
  4. ### Department of Materials Science and Engineering, Northwestern University, 2220 Campus Drive, Evanston, Illinois 60208, USA

    * Umut Aydemir
    *  & G. Jeffrey Snyder

## Authors

  1. ### Search for Francesco Ricci in:

    * [Nature Research journals](/search/executeSearch?sp-q=%22Francesco+Ricci%22&sp-p=all&pag-start=1&sp-c=25&sp-m=1&sp-s=date_descending) •
    * [PubMed](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/entrez/query.fcgi?cmd=search&term=Francesco+Ricci) •
    * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?as_q=&num=10&btnG=Search+Scholar&as_epq=&as_oq=&as_eq=&as_occt=any&as_sauthors=%22Francesco+Ricci%22&as_publication=&as_ylo=&as_yhi=&as_allsubj=all&hl=en)
  2. ### Search for Wei Chen in:

    * [Nature Research journals](/search/executeSearch?sp-q=%22Wei+Chen%22&sp-p=all&pag-start=1&sp-c=25&sp-m=1&sp-s=date_descending) •
    * [PubMed](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/entrez/query.fcgi?cmd=search&term=Wei+Chen) •
    * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?as_q=&num=10&btnG=Search+Scholar&as_epq=&as_oq=&as_eq=&as_occt=any&as_sauthors=%22Wei+Chen%22&as_publication=&as_ylo=&as_yhi=&as_allsubj=all&hl=en)
  3. ### Search for Umut Aydemir in:

    * [Nature Research journals](/search/executeSearch?sp-q=%22Umut+Aydemir%22&sp-p=all&pag-start=1&sp-c=25&sp-m=1&sp-s=date_descending) •
    * [PubMed](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/entrez/query.fcgi?cmd=search&term=Umut+Aydemir) •
    * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?as_q=&num=10&btnG=Search+Scholar&as_epq=&as_oq=&as_eq=&as_occt=any&as_sauthors=%22Umut+Aydemir%22&as_publication=&as_ylo=&as_yhi=&as_allsubj=all&hl=en)
  4. ### Search for G. Jeffrey Snyder in:

    * [Nature Research journals](/search/executeSearch?sp-q=%22G.%20Jeffrey+Snyder%22&sp-p=all&pag-start=1&sp-c=25&sp-m=1&sp-s=date_descending) •
    * [PubMed](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/entrez/query.fcgi?cmd=search&term=G.%20Jeffrey+Snyder) •
    * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?as_q=&num=10&btnG=Search+Scholar&as_epq=&as_oq=&as_eq=&as_occt=any&as_sauthors=%22G.%20Jeffrey+Snyder%22&as_publication=&as_ylo=&as_yhi=&as_allsubj=all&hl=en)
  5. ### Search for Gian-Marco Rignanese in:

    * [Nature Research journals](/search/executeSearch?sp-q=%22Gian-Marco+Rignanese%22&sp-p=all&pag-start=1&sp-c=25&sp-m=1&sp-s=date_descending) •
    * [PubMed](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/entrez/query.fcgi?cmd=search&term=Gian-Marco+Rignanese) •
    * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?as_q=&num=10&btnG=Search+Scholar&as_epq=&as_oq=&as_eq=&as_occt=any&as_sauthors=%22Gian-Marco+Rignanese%22&as_publication=&as_ylo=&as_yhi=&as_allsubj=all&hl=en)
  6. ### Search for Anubhav Jain in:

    * [Nature Research journals](/search/executeSearch?sp-q=%22Anubhav+Jain%22&sp-p=all&pag-start=1&sp-c=25&sp-m=1&sp-s=date_descending) •
    * [PubMed](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/entrez/query.fcgi?cmd=search&term=Anubhav+Jain) •
    * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?as_q=&num=10&btnG=Search+Scholar&as_epq=&as_oq=&as_eq=&as_occt=any&as_sauthors=%22Anubhav+Jain%22&as_publication=&as_ylo=&as_yhi=&as_allsubj=all&hl=en)
  7. ### Search for Geoffroy Hautier in:

    * [Nature Research journals](/search/executeSearch?sp-q=%22Geoffroy+Hautier%22&sp-p=all&pag-start=1&sp-c=25&sp-m=1&sp-s=date_descending) •
    * [PubMed](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/entrez/query.fcgi?cmd=search&term=Geoffroy+Hautier) •
    * [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?as_q=&num=10&btnG=Search+Scholar&as_epq=&as_oq=&as_eq=&as_occt=any&as_sauthors=%22Geoffroy+Hautier%22&as_publication=&as_ylo=&as_yhi=&as_allsubj=all&hl=en)

### Contributions

F.R. worked on the analysis, verification and preparation of the data. F.R.
implemented and performed the band interpolation check. A.J., G.H., F.R.,
G.-M. R., and W.C. worked on the development, implementation and running of
the high-throughput band structure and BoltzTraP framework. U.A and G.J.S.
worked on the analysis and verification of the data. G.H. supervised the work.
F.R., G.H., and A.J. wrote the manuscript with help from U.A, G.J.S., and
G.-M.R.

### Competing interests

The authors declare no competing financial interests.

## Corresponding author

Correspondence to [Geoffroy
Hautier](/articles/sdata201785/email/correspondent/c1/new).

## Rights and permissions

[![Creative Commons
BY](data:image/png;base64,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)](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)Open
Access This article is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0
International License, which permits use, sharing, adaptation, distribution
and reproduction in any medium or format, as long as you give appropriate
credit to the original author(s) and the source, provide a link to the
Creative Commons license, and indicate if changes were made. The images or
other third party material in this article are included in the article’s
Creative Commons license, unless indicated otherwise in a credit line to the
material. If material is not included in the article’s Creative Commons
license and your intended use is not permitted by statutory regulation or
exceeds the permitted use, you will need to obtain permission directly from
the copyright holder. To view a copy of this license, visit
<http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/> The Creative Commons Public
Domain Dedication waiver <http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/>
applies to the metadata files made available in this article.

## About this article

### Publication history

#### Received

14 February 2017

#### Accepted

28 April 2017

#### Published

04 July 2017

### DOI

<https://doi.org/10.1038/sdata.2017.85>

## Article Tools

[ Download PDF ](/articles/sdata201785.pdf)

**13** Citations

**6** Altmetric

  
[Article metrics](/articles/sdata201785/metrics)

[
![Advertisement](//pubads.g.doubleclick.net/gampad/ad?iu=/285/sdata.nature.com/article&sz=300x250&c=1643196877&t=pos%3Dright%26type%3Darticle%26artid%3Dsdata201785%26doi%3D10.1038/sdata.2017.85%26subjmeta%3D1034,1037,1038,119,301,639,995%26kwrd%3DComputational
methods,Electronic properties and materials,Electronic
structure)](//pubads.g.doubleclick.net/gampad/jump?iu=/285/sdata.nature.com/article&sz=300x250&c=1643196877&t=pos%3Dright%26type%3Darticle%26artid%3Dsdata201785%26doi%3D10.1038/sdata.2017.85%26subjmeta%3D1034,1037,1038,119,301,639,995%26kwrd%3DComputational
methods,Electronic properties and materials,Electronic structure)

##  Scientific Data menu

  * [Browse Articles](/sdata/articles)
  * [Browse Collections](/sdata/collections)

  * [About](/sdata/about)
  * [Publish](/sdata/publish)
  * [Policies](/sdata/policies)
  * [Contact](/sdata/contact)

### Nature Research menu

#### Our Journals

  * [Nature](/nature)
  * [Nature Communications](/ncomms)
  * [Nature Protocols](/nprot)
  * [Scientific Reports](/srep)
  * [View all journals](/siteindex)

#### Subjects

  * [Biological Sciences](/subjects/biological-sciences)
  * [Scientific Community & Society](/subjects/scientific-community-and-society)
  * [Earth & Environmental Sciences](/subjects/earth-and-environmental-sciences)
  * [Health Sciences](/subjects/health-sciences)
  * [Physical Sciences](/subjects/physical-sciences)
  * [View all subjects](/subjects)

#### More

  * [Contact us](https://support.nature.com/support/home)
  * [Authors & Referees](/authors/index.html)
  * [Librarians](/libraries/index.html)
  * [Advertisers](/advertising/index.html)
  * [Press](/npg_/press_room/index.html)
  * [About Nature Research](/npg_/index_npg.html)

## Search

Article search

Search

[Advanced search](/search/advanced)

### Quick links

  * [Explore articles by subject](/subjects)
  * [Find a job](/naturecareers)
  * [Guide to authors](/authors/index.html)
  * [Editorial policies](/authors/editorial_policies/)

## Scientific Data

ISSN 2052-4463 (online)

## nature.com sitemap

![Nature](/static/images/natureresearch-logo.2fe351a520.svg)

  * [About us](https://www.nature.com/npg_/company_info/index.html)
  * [Press releases](https://www.nature.com/npg_/press_room/press_releases.html)
  * [Press office](https://press.nature.com/)
  * [Contact us](https://support.nature.com/support/home)

  * [![Facebook](/static/images/fb.49ba391f15.svg)](https://www.facebook.com/nature/)
  * [![Twitter](/static/images/twitter.a90dbeb03a.svg)](https://twitter.com/nresearchnews?lang=en)
  * [![Youtube](/static/images/youtube.6071f6012c.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCvCLdSgYdSTpWcOgEJgi-ng)

### Discover content

  * [Journals A-Z](https://www.nature.com/siteindex/)
  * [Articles by subject](https://www.nature.com/subjects/)
  * [Nano](https://nano.nature.com/)
  * [Protocol Exchange](https://www.nature.com/protocolexchange/)
  * [Nature Index](https://www.natureindex.com/)

### Publish with us

  * [Guide to Authors](https://www.nature.com/authors/author_resources/index.html)
  * [Guide to Referees](https://www.nature.com/authors/peer_review/)
  * [Editorial policies](https://www.nature.com/authors/editorial_policies/)
  * [Open access](http://www.nature.com/openresearch/publishing-with-npg/)
  * [Reprints & permissions](https://www.nature.com/reprints/)

### Researcher services

  * [Research data](https://www.springernature.com/gp/authors/research-data)
  * [Language editing](https://authorservices.springernature.com/language-editing/?utm_source=natureAuthors&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=natureAuthors)
  * [Scientific editing](https://authorservices.springernature.com/scientific-editing/?utm_source=natureAuthors&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=natureAuthors)
  * [Nature Masterclasses](https://masterclasses.nature.com/)
  * [Nature Research Academies](https://partnerships.nature.com/product/nature-research-academies/)

### Libraries & institutions

  * [Librarian service & tools](https://www.springernature.com/gp/librarians/tools-services)
  * [Librarian portal](https://www.springernature.com/gp/librarians/manage-your-account/librarianportal)
  * [Open research](http://www.nature.com/openresearch/about-open-access/information-for-institutions/)

### Advertising & partnerships

  * [Advertising](https://partnerships.nature.com/)
  * [Partnerships & Services](https://partnerships.nature.com/home/services/)
  * [Media kits](https://partnerships.nature.com/home/resources/)
  * [Branded content](https://partnerships.nature.com/product/branded-content-native-advertising/)

### Career development

  * [Nature Careers](https://www.nature.com/naturecareers)
  * [Nature Conferences](https://www.nature.com/natureconferences/)
  * [Nature events](https://www.nature.com/natureevents/)

### Regional websites

  * [Nature China](http://www.naturechina.com)
  * [Nature India](https://www.nature.com/nindia)
  * [Nature Japan](https://www.natureasia.com/ja-jp/)
  * [Nature Korea](https://www.natureasia.com/ko-kr/)
  * [Nature Middle East](https://www.nature.com/nmiddleeast/)

![Springer Nature](/static/images/sn-logo.4368f3b177.svg)

© 2019 Springer Nature Publishing AG

  * [Privacy Policy](https://www.nature.com/info/privacy.html)
  * [Use of cookies](https://www.nature.com/info/cookies.html)
  * [Manage cookies](javascript:;)
  * [Legal notice](https://www.nature.com/info/legal_notice.html)
  * [Accessibility statement](https://www.nature.com/info/accessibility_statement.html)
  * [Terms & Conditions](https://www.nature.com/info/tandc.html)

![](https://verify.nature.com/verify/nature.png)
![](/platform/track/article/sdata201785)

  *[Open]: Open Access
  *[DOI]: Digital Object Identifier
  *[ISSN]: International Standard Serial Number


